[{'user': 'Winchester S.', 'userURI': 'AGXZT4ITACRNXNWKTKDMFIBBJUXA', 'reviewText': 'So I was skeptical buying these glasses due to their high price- but when you feel them and get these glasses in your hands you will not be dissapointed. They are extremely sturdy and balanced in terms of weight distribution and material. Once I got used to the weight of them they were perfect. The lenses seem to be of high quality too; this was a big selling point for me, and the polarized lenses are better than I anticipated. I am a lifeguard so I am in the sun for atleast 8 hours in a day, watching water and looking at the sky- so all I have to say is that these glasses look great and do the job. Oh, and bottle cap openers = flawless functionality. One of my hinge screws was coming loose and I emailed the company, they got back to me instanty and resolved the issue with a new pair. Fantastic customer service.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 22, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Bruce G Schinelli', 'userURI': 'AHZMSGR5SPNVLGYNEME5YM2VOZOA', 'reviewText': "Since buying WP's two or three summers ago, I've worn them exclusively and carried them in my pocket every day without a cover.  In that time, the lenses have never scratched, even rubbing against other items in my pocket.  They've kept their shape too, as well as little wear on the frames (just a bit to open a few bottles)  I liked them so much I just purchase a second pair.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 3, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'M.A.C', 'userURI': 'AGEXI4RWQFPVAJ636N2F62DMC33Q', 'reviewText': "I not only have these but I also have the Hughes (Check out my review of these also!!)...each serve a different purpose and each are of SUPER high quality.ABOUT THEM:1) super, super strong material and can take a beating!2) snug fit that don't stretch out after wearing them over time (like the plastic glasses)3) can open a few hundred of beer bottles and not show any wear4) Polarized lenses are a PLUS!!!5) The black is like a matte finish .vs. the super shinny stuff = more elegant (can dress up or down)They weigh 47.5g on my scaleAll-in-all these glasses are amazing.  I am now hooked on William Painter glasses and you should give these or the Hughes a try...just depends on the style you are going for.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 26, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Bourbon72', 'userURI': 'AEK5XV6CQKC4NYTETIVO66ZTGHLA', 'reviewText': 'This is actually my second pair of these sunglasses; I lost my first pair.  I liked them so much, I bought a second pair, and at $165 per, that is love.  The story of my first pair is I was online looking for a cheap pair of polarized sunglasses, and stumbled upon these.  Though clearly not cheap, I impulse bought on them, "suckered in" by the titanium and the bottle openers.  Turns out, it isn\'t a gimmick.The titanium is a bit heavier than I was used to in sunglasses, but I quickly got used to it, and now other glasses feel insubstantial in comparison.  The titanium is study and holds up well.  The lenses themselves are of high quality - my last pair before these were Maui Jim\'s, and these lenses are at least as good.  I actually have never used the bottle opener feature, but the look is unique and nice, it sets them apart a bit from other wayfarers without being over the top.All in all, I\'m very happy with these - happy enough to buy a second pair.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 22, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Walter', 'userURI': 'AH5HDV2D6OOKXZAZXZ6AQXDBQLLQ', 'reviewText': "William Painter makes a fantastic product, the sunglasses look great and have an awesome functionality ??. They are perfect the for summer; shield your eyes & open some cold ones. The only downside is the titanium frame makes them sit a little heavy, but that's the struggle between durability and comfort. The costumer service is fantastic, and would definitely reccomend shopping with William Painter. I can't wait for their aviators to come out from their Kickstarter campaign.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 4, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'danno', 'userURI': 'AFS2GWIB4DBCFTLIDRTDWO2CMHCQ', 'reviewText': "I bought these because I was looking for some more rugged, polarized glasses without wire frames. I also wanted rear-weighted glasses, to facilitate keeping them on my face when I run. These definitely stay on! You can lean over and they won't come off your face. That said, they're heavy, and the titanium arms are kind of thin, so they do hurt your ears and head after wearing for a long period of time. I imagine I will get more used to them.I don't really care for the bottle-opener, and haven't tried to use it. I really wanted these glasses WITHOUT the bottle-openers, but they don't sell their basic wayfarers with polarized lenses. It would be great if they did, and I would've purchased them.The lenses feel real solid. They are also kid of thick, which is probably good (shatter-resistant), but it does cause some interesting refraction/magnification at the edges of my vision. Not a deal-breaker in the slightest.Ultimately, would purchase again, especially for the deal I got (sub $100).*** UPDATE ***I did manage the scratch up the lenses pretty good. They're not quite as indestructible as they claim, but I would still buy again.", 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'September 22, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AHVBWO5APT3D6MJBCMER2AU2Z6BA', 'reviewText': 'These sunglasses are AWESOME.  First time I tried them on, I thought they were a little heavy and was a little concerned wearing them on my commute, as they seemed a little TOO heavy.  However, TBH I don\'t even notice the weight anymore when I wear them, and I wear them for long periods of time on end.  Brought these to the beach - didn\'t have to worry about sand scratching them and, since they\'re weighted to the back, they never fell off my face when applying sunscreen to the feetsies.Also, I\'d like to offer a bit of pushback on the whole "bro-tastic" comments about these sunglasses, which of course is the bottle opener on the sides - honestly, unless you tell people it\'s an actual bottle opener, they might not even know.  I had to tell my family that it was a bottle opener and prove it before they actually believed it, rather than just a stylistic flair to the glasses. I\'d recommend these to anyone searching for a sturdy set of polarized sunglasses that are both utilitarian AND cute on yo face.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 3, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Adam', 'userURI': 'AFWA6F5DLPAIY43PGQNR5TQNTA4A', 'reviewText': "By far the best sunglasses I have ever owned. These babies are the perfect weight and do not slip off your face even the slightest bit. I wear them everywhere! They feel extremely well made and very solid. I have opened probably 20 bottles with the openers without any noticeable wear. I get a lot of compliments on them and so far they don't have a scratch on them. The lenses are very clear and seem to be very high quality. I liked these so much that I bought the aviators as well. I like those so much that I am looking at the other styles as well. William Painter has my recommendation any day!! Buy these (or one of the other styles that suits you) you will not be disappointed.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 1, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jacob E. Petersen', 'userURI': 'AGB7JG4Z5O2KTTEMVH5ON5TQDV6A', 'reviewText': 'First and foremost, William Painter is a service company.  This is a company that "gets it".  They focus on producing an exceptionally high quality product at a fair price follow with a great customer experience.  After I ordered my sunglasses I received an email from the company giving me my tracking number and adding a note to make sure I had an excellent experience with the glasses.  I sent a reply to thank them and almost instantly received an email back from the company.  Amazing service.  I was so impressed I backed them on Kickstarter for their new aviators call the Hughes.  After I received my Wayfarer glasses, the quality was so impressive I also ordered the their Lume.  What an amazing company.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 24, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Dominic Benfatta', 'userURI': 'AFYBL3T4MZXFT6UMFHQQBYMBMR4A', 'reviewText': 'These shades are solid all around. Love the weight to them-- they feel like a quality product. Better than the other wayfarers on the market IMO. These guys really back up their product too, and follow through on the sale, looking for feedback or issues you may have. Thumbs up, guys.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 4, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Seth', 'userURI': 'AE57KT75BPONICHDPNNK46NERCVA', 'reviewText': "These sunglasses have often attracted compliments and questions. They are rugged as hell and have often a lot of abuse. The bottle openers are a crowd pleaser and have been crucial in opening ice cold bottles on multiple occasions. Don't be deterred by the heftitness... upon wearing them the comfort will be immediate. Also you can be fairly active in them with zero risk of them slipping off. I convinced my cousin to purchase these and we've often discussed just how great they are.Buy them yesterday.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 5, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'BW', 'userURI': 'AGMAXYHBDXYTQT5YV4IKZNT6CLAA', 'reviewText': "EDIT: Damn. So, I'm a bit disappointed with these now. Used the bottle opener once, and now the arm that I used is all loose and no longer as tight and solid as the other. Wish I hadn't used it as a bottle opener, as the firm arms that didn't just flop about like other sunglasses was one of the things I loved most about these glasses.These sunglasses are fantastic. The weight is perfect--in fact, I've never realized just how light other glasses are. These feel *solid*, and every other pair of sunglasses I have are now second-best because they just feel flimsy. The polarized lenses are perfect for being out in the sun. I wouldn't hesitate to buy these again if I had a second face to wear them on.", 'stars': '3', 'postDate': 'May 2, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Ed', 'userURI': 'AGQWVNIPJYYONC4K3MNCMHASWQIQ', 'reviewText': "Like most reviews here I love these sunglasses! First off they arrived SUPER FAST! (Took advantage of the one-day shipping.) They feel just as good if not better than Ray Bans and are on par weight wise as well. My only con is that me having a slightly wider head than others they eventually do begin to hurt the back of my ears where the arms rest. Although if what they say, that they do adapt to your head over time than I can deal with it for now. Were it not for that I'd give them 5 stars. If they do I will more than gladly change that. Will definitely recommend to anyone. Family, friends or anyone that asks.", 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'June 2, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Brandon Keiter', 'userURI': 'AGZYYWZNWDFRDF5GB3OQ6GRFDJ3Q', 'reviewText': "I bought the Hook Titanium sunglasses June of 2017 and they were by far the best pair of sunglasses I had ever owned. A month ago one of the lenses became scuffed after being in my pocket(nothing else was in that pocket) which surprised me as the lenses are supposed to be scratch resistant. I posted a review giving the glasses a 3 star rating as the frames are well built and sturdy but the lenses were kind of a let down. This is where I was going to move on and chalk it up to lesson learned, no such thing as scratch resistant lenses.Fast forward to September 2017 when I was going through my email and there it was, an email from William Painter Customer Support. They had reached out to me to let me know that they were sorry for my unfortunate experience and that they would like to send me a replacement pair of my choice as they stand behind their product and want all their customers to be happy with their purchase.Of course I was surprised by this as I did not reach out and ask for anything, just left an honest review that the frames were perfect but the lenses were not scratch resident. Although the lenses as far as being polarized were perfect as well:)What GREAT customer service from a company that care about it's customers and stands behind their product! Thank you William Painter for a Great product and Great support! Well Done!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 5, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jorge A Cortez Jr', 'userURI': 'AG73KEGKPIXMRNW4GTGZKHYZBOAA', 'reviewText': "I love the wayfarer style sunglasses, and was done with the RB's after I broke another pair.  I work hard, and play hard, so, it was awesome to find a pair of sunglasses that can keep up.  William Painter didn't skip on the quality, and the concept is brilliant!  In need of a smooth IPA after a long day of hiking or kayaking?  No bottle opener, no problem.  The fact that these titanium bad boys can serve as a bottle opener, without a scratch, is icing on the cake.  DON'T HESITATE, PICK A PAIR UP!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 1, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Colton Marshall', 'userURI': 'AFTMY47T3L26QMIHLBRG7RHRNC2Q', 'reviewText': "Let me start off by saying that I have a rather large head and wide face. 24 inches in circumference to be exact. Typically it's a safe bet that pretty much any pair of cheap sunglasses will have a lens width that is too narrow for my head and will end up looking comical.For the last few years I'd been happy wearing American Optical Original Pilot sunglasses. They're affordable, nicely built, and fit me well.Unfortunately their glass lenses gave them a very front-heavy weight bias and scratched easily. The arms and frame were simply too thin and easily bent out of shape. Basically with 6 months of daily use they would become too worn out and I'd have to buy another pair.I went looking for titanium sunglasses because I like the material and thought it would be a good solution to my problems. First I tried Shwood, but their design was far too narrow for wide faces. Then I stumbled upon William Painter.While I'm typically not a wayfarer guy I decided to take the plunge and buy a pair. Wow, what a pair of sunglasses. Hefty, well-balanced, and wonderful build quality. They were a bit tight on the sides of my head for the first day or so, but then they relaxed and became a perfect fit. I only got to experience these for about a week or so before someone stole them from me in a bar, but they made such an impression that I'm planning on buying another pair very soon. These sunglasses felt so solidly built I'm sure they'd last for several years of daily use without issue. That's a great value when you think about it.Honestly I only have one complaint about these sunglasses: I noticed quickly that the matte finish on the acetate frame and the lenses as well seem to show fingerprints very easily. The lenses are apparently hydrophobic (which I didn't test), but not oleophobic. It didn't bother me though. A quick wipe with the microfiber cloth they included and they look brand new!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 21, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jennifer Ortega', 'userURI': 'AEIAXTZHFHQEEOUZGVV7XAX3I24Q', 'reviewText': 'I currently use these as my primary eyeglasses. They are fantasically weighted, durable, and the fact that I use them to open my bottled mineral water is such a huge plus.(I am hooked on Topo Chico) William Painted has earned itself a lifelong customer, be it for sunglasses or eye glass frames. They are now my go to company. You will not be disappointed.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 12, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Roop', 'userURI': 'AH6ZDZ2PXJ3PYL6ZDCHWNOETUM3Q', 'reviewText': 'I would like to give these sunglasses 5 stars, but I have to dock a star because of one small thing.  There is a small logo in the upper left corner of the left lens (see my photo).  This didn\'t end up being a deal-breaker for me, but I have to dock a star because the product wasn\'t exactly true to the photos provided.Aside from that flaw, the sunglasses themselves are great.  Sturdy build, feels good on the face, ample light protection, stylish look, and of course the convenient bottle opener.A couple things to note regarding the bottle opener.  First, and this should be obvious from a physical standpoint, but when you\'re opening bottles, make sure you\'re gripping the temples themselves for your leverage and not the frames; holding the frame to open a bottle will most likely snap the hinges.  And second, the contact points of the opener actually are prone to scratching, despite the "military-grade black armour coating technology".  Just don\'t go using it like a crowbar, and you\'ll be fine.Overall, they\'re great sunglasses and I would recommend them, but just inform folks of the logo on the lens.', 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'August 14, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Kevin', 'userURI': 'AEP5NVTB6HDJLSCFIXQ2FCYAPQYQ', 'reviewText': "i purchased these glasses with high expectations, only to be let down. although the bottle opener works better then i expected, the screws that hold the arms on are faulty. one of the arms was loose from the second i took it out of the box, i tried tightening the screw but it doesnt stay. when i tried contacting their customer service, i recieved a pre-written response that had nothing to do with my issue and i still havent recieved a response to my second email which i sent weeks ago. these arent cheap sunglasses and their advertisements make it seem like they're top quailty, but if you're going to spend that much on a pair of shades, you're better off going with something else", 'stars': '2', 'postDate': 'July 5, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Kristopher Chilstrom', 'userURI': 'AGJ537GZHS6WF5MJV4BVXAD37AWQ', 'reviewText': 'I was put off at first by the price of these sun glasses when they were $185. When they lowered the price to $119 I had to try them. I have owned quite a few pair of Raybans over the years. Usually, the hinges on my Raybans give out. I hope these will last longer. I like these sun glasses better than my pair of Raybans.They have a very snug fit on my face, they don\'t dig into your skin, and I love the grey lenses.The only thing that kind of disappoints me about the product is that they are not totally made out of titanium. I researched this before I bought them. The description of the item doesn\'t mention this fact. The pieces (arms) that go over your ears are made of titanium BUT the part with the lenses is made out of plastic/polycarbonate giving a slight bit of "flex" to the product.Overall, I give this product a 4.5 stars.', 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'August 23, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'AZ Dee', 'userURI': 'AH4ECWX5VE6LADAGFVLSFQQFRMDA', 'reviewText': "Excellent glasses!  They do have a nice weight to them, but not enough to make it uncomfortable.  They fit perfectly on me, however when I had my husband try them on, they were much too tight to fit comfortably on him.  (I will say that I think he has an enormous noggin so if I was buying this for him I would have made sure the dimensions would have been large enough.)  On the plus side, that means they will NOT get stolen by him when he misplaces his sunglasses! :)I haven't messed with the bottle opener on the arm, it's gimmicky but fun to show off to friends and I'm sure it works well.  I can say that the rather sharp edges from that bottle opener do not affect the comfort of the glasses and I wouldn't even know they were there by feel.Fair warning, these suckers can get HOT HOT HOT!  Be careful not to put these on if they have been in the sun for even a few minutes.All in all, I like the darkness/tint of the lenses, how they look and feel and the sturdiness of the design.  I hope to have these for quite some time!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 20, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jarrad', 'userURI': 'AG64FKM3DC22VHE4YX4OUAKTRWOQ', 'reviewText': "I bought these sunglasses about 8 months ago and have nothing but positive things to say about them. From the sleek solid construction, to the awesome clarity of the polarized lenses these glasses are great. The only negative thing that I had happen was one of the metal pieces came out of the glasses when I dropped them. I can't even complain about that due to the fact that I beat the hell out of them and they still looked brand new. I just glued the piece back in and went on my merry way.Also, to mention on the great customer service of the company. About 2 weeks ago Jeff from William Painter contacted me via e-mail asking how i was enjoying the glasses. I had told him that one of the metal pieces on the front had fallen out. I decided to glue it back in which was slightly unsuccessful on my part. He then offered to send me a new pair due to the metal piece falling out being a defect of one of the batches. I sent him in my old pair and received my new pair less than a week later which is awesome being that I'm currently living in Germany.All in all. Great company and great product. Highly recommend for anyone!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 4, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jeffery Foss', 'userURI': 'AGTUNS5SANSUJ5P5NUBEGPAD7GTA', 'reviewText': 'Great sunglasses so far. These caught my eye on Facebook and I was originally sceptical about buying from a "unknown" brand, but that went away the minute I put them on.The only thing I would change is get rid of the white logo on the left lens.I would buy again especially if William Painter made the same glasses without the bottle opener.', 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'August 19, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Brendan Gahan', 'userURI': 'AFQLTFJYMWTXPMA2JMGJAPIBCUKA', 'reviewText': "Love these sunglasses. They look awesome and the bottle openers work great. They're great to bust out at a party. My favorite pair of sunglasses hands down.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 19, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Dan', 'userURI': 'AFAKN7P2QWJRGGMEKPK6XRFSMW6A', 'reviewText': 'Only had them for a short amount of time, but I really like these glasses. Very well built and very comfortable.  Would have given this 5 starts but for the annoying logo stuck on the left lens that, for anyone with any sort of peripheral vision, becomes more annoying the more you wear them, especially when you glance to your left.  Seems completely unnecessary to me.  I already know who made them and it serves no useful purpose except to annoy.  Someone must have looked at this and said, "oh, what the hell, let\'s do it anyway."', 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'September 5, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jennifer', 'userURI': 'AGMTZW6S2635BNJNKFJD5364CTYQ', 'reviewText': "After losing my Rayban Polarized Wayfarers behind on a trip, I was on the hunt for new glasses. I researched several pairs before settling on these glasses.  What appealed to me is how durable they appear to be, the lifetime warranty including a discount if you lose them, and the fact that they are polarized. Oddly enough, they were not advertised as being polarized on their website or here. I contacted their customer service on the website to confirm if they were. I see that they have since updated their product description. So far, they have served me well on my travels. They've helped make morning drives into the sun less of a nightmare. The case is also quite nice. The one downside initially is they were tight at the end and would hurt my ears if I wore them for awhile. I stretched them out a bit at the ends and haven't had any problems since then. When I bought my pair, they were around $50 cheaper than they were on their website, but I see the prices now match up.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 4, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Tanner Ford Newton', 'userURI': 'AETO5Q2YGYVT5TADAHQN76D2WBWA', 'reviewText': 'I have had these glasses for a while now. Believe the hype and the 5 star reviews that you will only want to wear these. Not including all the compliments, the questions and the people that will offer to buy them from you, they fit snug and perfectly. I take them everywhere. They endure heavy use without the cool case and still fit, feel and almost look Brad new after a long time. Best quality sunglasses I have ever owned. The only downside is that when I forget them or misplace them for any amount of time I feel like somethings wrong and have to find them. They are that amazing. Wish they had more stars but I guess 5 will suffice.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'February 14, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Harbinger', 'userURI': 'AFPATHWMPZONNMGLAX7J4NOTFGYA', 'reviewText': 'Great shades for a great price.  I got them on Deal of the Day, but even at their current price they are well worth it.  Polarized lenses and sturdy titanium build give these the same quality as more expensive brands, but they should hold up better to wear and tear.  They are a little cold  when you first put them on but its winter so that is to be expected.  I am curious to see how they do in the summer heat.  I will definitely be trying to keep them out of direct sunlight while not wearing them.Plus you get the added bonus of being able to help your bros out by opening their beer when they make rookie mistakes and forget their bottle opener.  And its a lot more sanitary than using a sandal...', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 6, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'gomboman', 'userURI': 'AFH4FZ4RAVMYUURYDWSCN2NKMNSA', 'reviewText': 'I was a little skeptical seeing all of the extremely enthusiastic reviews for these sunglasses, but, holy moly do these glasses deliver. They\'re heavier than the cheap sunglasses my wife buys over and over again, but not that different than other quality sunglasses I\'ve owned (Ray Ban, Bolle, Lacoste), and were comfortable to wear for an entire ten hour drive. I wore them outside in a light rain and the lenses seemed to shed the rain, leaving no spots. I\'ve only had these for a month so far, but the construction feels a solid step ahead of every other decent brand I\'ve owned, so I\'ve little concern about durability. The case even feels a solid step ahead of other brands\' cases as well.And the best part of these sunglasses came at a party a week and a half ago when I heard the cry, "AHHH! These aren\'t twist offs! Where\'s a bottle opener?!" My William Painters saved the day.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 30, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'ChangKyu Kim', 'userURI': 'AFES6AOQZ66XOH7DEG42GBUBZHLQ', 'reviewText': "This glasses is categorized in a LIFESTYLE section.You should not wear this when doing an active sport such as running, boxing, jump-rope, surfing, etc. Anything that involveswild movement should not be done with this on.This glasses is PREMIUM quality. It's made out of titanium. I've never had glasses with such material made of. It feels SOLID, looks GREAT, fits ACCORDINGLY.My advise for those who do purchase this is that you should at least try it for 2 weeks. I say that because the glasses fits tight around your head at first. But if it's given a week or two, the glasses or your head adjusts to the fitting. Plus, Jeff (the one who I emailed) is very accommodating and reasonable. He will let you return it FREE after those two weeks of trial. But you should also be fair and return it in the SAME condition.Also because this glasses is made out of titanium, it's darn HEAVY compared to other glasses. It's so solid and feels DURABLE. I love it.The bottle opener makes the design very UNIQUE and DIFFERENT. It works really well. No other glasses have this, so when you're the only one with this you should feel somewhat special! Go to a bar and open a beer with this and you'll get some attention.I actually found this while shopping for Ray-Bans. And when you compare the price between them...THIS is a must try on glasses. While Ray-Bans do have a lot more choices, their price is just way too high. For NON-polarized plastic Ray-Bans with expensive price tag, I thought I'd give this a try. This one is made unique + bottle opener + titanium + durability + POLARIZED + FREE SHIPPING both ways. Why wouldn't you try this on first??Again, this is a LIFESTYLE glasses. When you're on a drive, walking, or whatever. But if you got a big nose, maybe you could wear this while running. For me, it starts slipping from my nose when its sweaty.Overall, GREAT glasses to add onto your glasses package. I hope they continue to make more types in the future. With this kind of quality and price, this is a steal....Thanks Jeff for always getting back to me so quickly!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 5, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Delta0n3', 'userURI': 'AGUDT2DZQU5MXSC7IZNUGKIHVS3A', 'reviewText': "I really like these sunglasses so far. They have a nice weight to them and sit very nicely on my face. I haven't noticed these glasses shifting on my face once. They look sharp and the bottle openers are a nice added touch. Even if you don't use them they're defintely a conversation starter. I've used the bottle openers a handful of times now - just make sure to follow the directions and only grip the arm as to avoid damaging the frame where the lenses are.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 28, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Javier Ruveare', 'userURI': 'AFGWILALCYZ2HOB6ZT6WVGZDOYKA', 'reviewText': "I'm not going to write a long or detailed review, since I would just be repeating the same good things other reviews that I read prior to purchasing this product have said.I would only ask from the manufacturers, to please offer more sizes... I have a bigger-than-average head size, and therefore the glasses just didn't fit me. I loved the sunglasses but I had to give them to my fiancee.Please make a model that has a bigger frame size, I bet a lot of people will thank you for it!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 24, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Brandon', 'userURI': 'AH3MW7PMHQ3NNXADEKSAIOZHTGRQ', 'reviewText': "These glasses are a must for anyone like me who is constantly dropping their sunglasses and works extensively under the summer's sun, I work mainly outdoors and these glasses are excellent for protecting your eyes and being durable, I've had numerous glasses that were dropped and the lens would pop out but not with these. Besides working outdoors i am an avid outdoors man as well and can tell you from experience that they have no problem surviving a drop from over 50ft while rock climbing, simply brush off the dirt and keep on trucking.PROS:- extremely durable- perfect for protecting your eyes- the beer can opener (i use it more than i thought i would)- compliments from everyone-  they feel sturdy and not cheapCONS:- they can get heavy on the ears, but with that being said they are made from titanium what do you expect, if you have weak ears then keep going- can see smudge marks but again they are blackOverall if you want a new style or need something study from work look no further, plus your supporting a small American Business Owner.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 22, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Matthew K', 'userURI': 'AGUXDPU2AHMQR43MTEOKGRPOA5JQ', 'reviewText': "I can honestly say that I love these glasses. They are well constructed, very nice looking, and most importantly, they have held up remarkably well (got them last summer and have been wearing them almost every sunny day since, even out in the field on occasion). People comment on how nice they are all the time despite how common the wayfarer design is these days. For little to no more than you would spend on Ray-Bans or Oakleys, these are a great deal. I've always been hesitant to spend this much on sunglasses, but I feel this was a worthy purchase. The one and only negative thing I can say about them is that the hinges quickly became just a little loose. However, they have not continued to get any more loose and it's really not bad enough to complain about. I would recommend to anyone willing to pay in the $100 range for sunglasses.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'February 20, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Henry C', 'userURI': 'AH24Q2Z73ZNXDA6FQEVVOWEJZAUQ', 'reviewText': "I knew these sunglasses would match my expectations but even more shocked that it's even better than I thought! It looks great on practically anyone, feels extremely durable and feels like a pair to keep for a life time! Definitely worth every dollar!EDIT: I ordered two of these -- one for me and one for a friend. I noticed scuffing all around the left temple piece, and thought I had already scratched them. However, my friend, who is more into details and making sure his product is perfect, was inspecting his own pair the instant he opened it. Right out of the box, there was: a long scratch down the top of the left lens, some glue residue/scuffing on the left temple, poorly finished lines/scratches on both hinge areas, and the nose bridge was worn shiny by poor placement in the box (both pairs). The carrying case wears the nose bridge shiny (from matte) because once it is closed, the cover places constant pressure on it.However, the glasses are well built and have a nice heft to them. 5 star glasses, 3 star product (I expect so much more in terms of quality control at this price).EDIT#2: The service is outstanding. With the previous review, Jeff from William Painter sent me an email within the first 10 hours of writing it.They solved the problem quickly and efficiently, and left me (and my friend) satisfied customers. Still, the replacement product has minor errors and flaws, but those are easily overcome by the stellar service. 4 star product, 6 star service!Note: The finish scratches easily! Small rubs from your nails, etc, will show up in certain angles on the light. Other reviewers have mentioned this as well.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 16, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'LucasC', 'userURI': 'AEJMDOCC7X3GMNIGRKZKMQJ2DTXQ', 'reviewText': 'Love the glasses, very sturdy, well made, albeit I was slightly disappointed to see "MADE IN CHINA" on the inside of the arms, but oh well. Still very well made and I can\'t wait to hit the lake with these!Shipping took a little longer than I think it should have, but these shades are worth the wait! And once I got a hold of the seller it was shipped and promptly arrived a few days later. Would buy again, but I don\'t think I\'ll have to, these glasses should last a while.UPDATE 6-7-13I\'ve had these glasses for a while now and I honestly don\'t have a single gripe about them. They\'re very tough, have taken their fair share of drops, and haven\'t even scratched! The bottle openers also work wonderfully. I wouldn\'t regret buying these all over again.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 4, 2013', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Sixspeedgeek', 'userURI': 'AFAJZCBER7O6NG2JQQRIAY3JE3FQ', 'reviewText': "By far the best sunglasses I have ever owned. Right away I could feel how solid these glasses are. They have already survived a drop on asphalt without a single scratch, which I couldn't say about my Oakleys. They are very comfortable and well balanced. They don't feel like they will fall off your face, again can't say the same about my Oakleys. I haven't used the bottle opener feature yet but I have no doubt they are up to the task. The customer service according to other reviews is amazing. They followed up with me to see how I liked the glasses and see if there were any issues, awesome that they are proactive on making sure their customers are satisfied.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 5, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'DH', 'userURI': 'AEDMB43CBXO7KAEJFEKIWSGSWEHA', 'reviewText': 'Very comfortable so far, visually very clear and free of significant distortions.  The polarization seems a little off at times; it seems to be about 45 degree offset from most of my other polarized glasses.They stayed on my head great.  Actually, they have stayed on my head better than most of my other sunglasses!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 1, 2018', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Zack Morris', 'userURI': 'AG5WEN5KP7HM3QUWEOTCGCRSA47Q', 'reviewText': 'These are the best shades Zack Morris has ever worn and I own, VonZippers, Electric\'s and Dragons, all with Glass polarized lenses. The problem with my other shades? First, they can\'t open up ice cold brews and second, they always seem to slide down my nose from sweat in the heat, especially when I\'m concentrating on some vixens down at the beach or skinny-dipping babes by the lake, but these WP\'s stay in place because of the titanium weighted rear arms.I believe, Zack "Steam Up the Windows" Morris, has found his most bodacious and bitchin\' shades. There perfect for opening up ice cold brewskis, checking out the surf and the local-sun-kissed-long-butts Kelly Kapowski, Jessie Spano and Stacey Carosi, at the Malibu Sands Beach Club.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 20, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Kryptonite', 'userURI': 'AHU2I6KIH4QC5V5QP44MULDMQCTA', 'reviewText': "I usually wear arnette witch doctors which fit well for larger face/head.  Their lenses are larger also. I was surprised how well these fit. Arnettes have damage so don't wear them as often anymore. Love the weight of these and the ear ends snugly hold to head. But not too tight. Def recommend.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 30, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'M. Hayes', 'userURI': 'AENWAFJEV7BZO4XRWWA62F2Y5YDQ', 'reviewText': 'These glasses are awesome! I bought them because I had never seen a pair of sunglasses made from titanium and was looking for something durable. I’ve had a pair of RayBans for quite some time and they have scratches all over from being thrown around. These fit very snug on my face and seemed indestructible. Unfortunately I only had them for about 3 weeks before they were lost on my commute to work. I’m pretty sure they would have held up great though. They are a tad bit pricey so now I just have to save up to hopefully buy another pair at some point in the future.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 11, 2018', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Beast', 'userURI': 'AHJIY26OHNNRVSEA53YHR6SNAFOQ', 'reviewText': "My first ones came crooked, and I have only worn these new ones once and they have already been scratched and scuffed. I haven't even used them to open bottles they so I'm kind of scared of what will happen. Otherwise they feel nice and the glasses are polarized.", 'stars': '3', 'postDate': 'May 10, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Richard Carter', 'userURI': 'AGRNNA7XTHIIKAQSJAVQA7UMVVYQ', 'reviewText': "I don't write reviews but I have to write one for these glasses.  I just got married and gave all of my groomsmen a pair of these glasses.  What a hit!  Everyone absolutely loved them!  We used them in many of the photos and it was awesome having all the guys in the same glasses.  Quality exceeds that of more expensive, well known brands.  They feel awesome on the face.  The titanium is surprisingly light, so much so that it almost feels like plastic until you feel how cool they are to the touch.  My wife now wants her own pair in addition to everyone else who has put them on. My $300 Ray-Bans will long lost and forgotten in the bottom of my drawer with these William Painters taking their place", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 21, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AEOCYT46IGU5XWERP7JKF2DDJWWA', 'reviewText': 'Love these glasses. Lenses look and feel super high quality, frames are heavy enough to be able to tell that they are high quality titanium, but light enough to stay put and not weigh down your face. Fit me perfectly and look classic, but classy. The bottle opener works as well. Would recommend', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 1, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'SoSloppy23', 'userURI': 'AH4JO3F5FKJVQQF6ZO3PO2VDCCAA', 'reviewText': "Was looking for a sturdy pair of polarized sunglasses for a solid price and here they are! The bottle opening functionality is a great conversation starter and the frame will form to your size as you wear them! These glasses are heavier than most sunglasses of course, but they feel balanced on my head when wearing them. Be careful in the water with these as I accidentally fell off my paddle board and my first pair sunk straight to the bottom of the ocean, almost immediately.What I like about William Painter is they believe in their product and their outreach/support team is really great and helpfully pro-active (not intrusive). I was able to purchase a 2nd pair at a better price since I was a returning customer and a very unfortunate accident. The sunglasses came with a perfectly sized case and I get compliments or at least have someone asking about them every weekend I've worn them.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 14, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'ksmith1872', 'userURI': 'AGOXZIRVBRXSLZT5SUNFZP5U2NVQ', 'reviewText': "I love these sunglasses! They're perfectly suited for backyard barbecues, sitting on the beach, driving long distances, or living an active lifestyle. I've used the bottle openers multiple times and never had an issues with chipping the black paint. While driving cross-country this summer, I could wear the sunglasses all day without realizing they were there. Not only are they incredibly comfortable, but also great conversation starters. When people see me wearing these, they notice the hook in the frames and make a comment about the design. If you're looking for a different brand to distinguish yourself among friends, I highly recommend William Painter!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 14, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AELTHQCJEL6PETIA4I7AJAD4VTKQ', 'reviewText': "Here are my thoughts on these sunglasses:Pros:* The lightweight medal they are made from keeps them sturdy and comfortable* Great vision while wearing them. Unlike other polarized sunglasses, these ones don't give you that offset tint* The beer opener makes opening a brew while chilling with your friends incredibly convenient.* Very stylishCons:* None* Also as a side note, the William Painter customer service is excellent! A day after I received the glasses, I got an email from William Painter asking how I was liking them and if there was anything they could be for me. They are the only vendor from Amazon that has reached out to me like this. I was so impressed I felt compelled to write a review.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 31, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Stephen', 'userURI': 'AGINCMBM4PNLJCBNMNTZHO2NA5IA', 'reviewText': "Logged some serious hours with em, mostly in the sun chair healing up but eventually out and about. I put em on and it's as if my visual definition becomes more refined. On the water, the glare reduction is decent...a blue or green polarized lens might solve that issue, if you're on the water or if you just feel like having options for polarized lenses to make them feel more personalized. The stems are something else! Comes in handy when no one has an opener, a lighter, or has to fumble around in their pockets while you can just pop em off your noggin and let a very neat concept on an everyday, much needed accessory, work; every time. Certainly have to have a steady hand, still, I feel. Also, not that I ever intend to have my lenses on sunglasses become scratched, these lenses have proven that they are indeed scratch-proof when I am rushing out of the house and keys and sunglasses end up in the same pocket. Overall, I am very pleased with your company's product. For the future, I'll definitely be checking out releases. Thank you!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 17, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Michael Afan', 'userURI': 'AGILZM7XJMITNEILKH5CKANXSRYQ', 'reviewText': "I'm not one to write reviews, but the service that came with the product was exceptional. I'm a collegr student in the state of Arizona notorious for the sun even during winter time and have been looking to invest in a pair of quality sunglasses. I've owned from cheap seven dollar wayfarers to Ray Ban Aviators and by far these are my favorite. They have withstood the punishment of running, hiking, tedious commutes and even chasing two year old around in the park. Through sweat and dust, these sunglasses have stayed on my head comfortably without sliding down the nose. What's best is the quality of the lenses. They provide stunning protection from the sun while remaining ever so stylish. Not only do they look good, I feel safe knowing that they are titanium as opposed to plastic or aluminum. The sunglasses also came with a rock hard case and cleaning cloth; always a plus.  On top of being top tier sunglasses, they bottle opener feature is a pleasant surprised. At first, I thought it was just a sales gimmick, but when trying them out more than a few times I've realized how well designed they actually are. Keep in mind that it would be wise to support the side you are opening the bottle with. I have no regrets purchasing these and thinking about buying different styles (once I save up.. Student loans) and even purchasing a wayfarer and implementing prescription lenses.One thing I forgot to mention was the customer service: every time I had a question the staff would respond within a couple days and not with a generic response. Once ordered, they've made sure I received the sunglasses in pristine condition and if I was satisfied with my purchase. After a week trying them out, they followed up again to make sure I was completely satisfied.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 12, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Phil S.', 'userURI': 'AGAMXXL745U7Z6RBKOG27LJUK2VQ', 'reviewText': "These sunnies are amazing. I was looking for a pair of casual sunglasses (I'm a sports person & didn't have any), I was very fixated in buying a pair of Oakley Frogskins before I came across these. The low price point, the fact they were titanium & that they came with a lifetime warranty really got me hooked. Immediately after I placed an order, Jeff from WP sent an email to me & answered all my questions. Apparently, even if you scratch your lenses somehow, they'll send you a replacement pair when it happens!Excellent customer service from WP, tracking my order status from purchase to mid shipment & finally to arrival of product & after product.The glasses are definitely on the heavier size but I think that's a detail that makes them great, they definitely feel like they're built like a tank. The bottle opener feature does impress at parties! I like the way the sunnies mold to your head/face shape over time.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 13, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Theresa Weyland', 'userURI': 'AE4B47K5NFSGL7YSFFSO43KO25SQ', 'reviewText': 'I purchased for my husband, he loves them, says they are the best sunglasses he has ever owned. Strong, durable, and very fashionable, not to mention priced right. He is very happy with my purchase.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 25, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Hunter', 'userURI': 'AFG3SS6JXJILATAIKGC6QXJVI6CA', 'reviewText': "The view through these glasses are great!! Adds color and depth to everything. I seriously enjoy these glasses and how tough they are. I've received several compliments from friends and family on the style. Oh! And they open beer bottles great!!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 6, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Hai', 'userURI': 'AFQDJJ75IOGAJSRY5DUXNU6A4IAA', 'reviewText': "I absolutely love these. I had a fear that the sharp hook point would dig into my scalp, It doesn't. Luckily I haven't had to use their customer support yet but it seems like William Painter wants to take care of their customers. I will definitely recommend to friends and family", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 9, 2018', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Ruby Morua', 'userURI': 'AH6Y2UH4IJB22TWUB4WXKKQIH2BA', 'reviewText': "I've been a fan of the Wayfarer design for many years and solely purchased another brand of sunglasses for the entire time.  A friend of mine introduced me to her titanium sunglasses, however, and I was hooked by their weight, feel and aesthetic.  So, I did a quick search on Amazon and found these William Painter beauties. The pics on Amazon showed the Wayfarer design that I know and love and though I wasn't sure how they would feel until I unpacked them, the price was too hard to pass up.  The pics actually don't do these sunglasses justice.  I've gone through my fair share of high-end sunglasses and these are definitely the best pair that I've had to date.  They are sleek, light but not flimsy in the least, come packaged carefully with a beautiful case, and are backed by an amazing customer service team.  Specifically, Jeff - He reached out to me a couple of times to make sure that I was completely happy with my purchase which led me to writing this review because I seldom ever do for any item!  You won't be disappointed with this purchase!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'November 23, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Chambek', 'userURI': 'AGMVUJM6OTKEDQSR23SV52MLMIQQ', 'reviewText': 'These guys know how to impress. The packaging matches the style of the shades. Within, a very solid case with a luxurious matte texture rests, along with a sticker and welcome card. Opening the case reveals an exceptionally strong feeling pair of sunglasses. Additionally, a lens cleaning cloth as the cherry on top.I have only just opened these sunglasses and it is one of those purchases that makes you want to instantly write a 5 star review.6 months later, I still wear these shades every minute the sun is shining. I recommend these to everyone, and the bottle opener trick always makes for a good conversation starter!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 17, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Matthew Rowan', 'userURI': 'AFCRYBVWEET4IY3UIQN6JDK5L4EA', 'reviewText': 'I\'ve had these sunglasses for almost two years and they\'ve held up great (no scratches on the lens or dents) surviving numerous parties, bbq\'s, fishing trips, and one near catastrophic stand up paddle-boarding experience (Be warned they sink extremely quickly). I was nervous to sink a bunch money into a "good pair" of  shades but the difference is immediately obvious and the titanium frames are damn near indestructible. You\'ll be the most popular person at the party opening more beers than you really should drinking. Why are you still reading this? Just buy the the glasses!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 16, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Paul P', 'userURI': 'AFFNRO7AY43AQEX5OA4KXD3NJGYA', 'reviewText': "The weight to them makes them feel premium. The polarized lenses are great, noticed a difference from my Blenders polarized ones.These things are amazing.One comment: I tend to rest my sunglasses on my forehead when I'm not wearing them. These will leave an imprint on your forehead because of the weight/shape of the nose rest.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 13, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Travis Schulze', 'userURI': 'AGJRHPMPESHUYNYFZW34PFT2PC7A', 'reviewText': "These are literally the best made most kickass so glasses ever made!They fit and look great. Quality construction and lightweight. I've dropped them several times on asphalt and not a scratch! They are bulletproof!I got the non-polarized version by mistake and they replaced them in less than a week for free! Customer service is too-notch! The optics are stunning!Bottle opener works well and is a cool feature.I get compliments on them all the time and recommend them to everyone!Especially given the price, there aren't better shades out there. Period.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 12, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Alex Arnold', 'userURI': 'AGWZZIVPJD3NDZZQ7ILL6A3BKCEA', 'reviewText': "These glasses are PIMP! I love the weight.  They stay on my face no problem.  I have not had an opportunity to utilize the opener function on them yet, but I have no reason to believe that it wouldn't work.  They come in a nice hard case with a no scratch cleaning cloth as well.  One thing to note, they are METAL.  Ipso-factso, they will be a million degrees when you put them on after leaving them in your rig on a hot day.  Visey-versy, they will likely instantly freeze to your face on bitter cold days.  As long as you account for that, you'll be fine.  These are by far my most favorite pair of sunglasses I've ever owned.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 2, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Eric D', 'userURI': 'AHBZRHOASKVUSDMAERQEYP3X7W6A', 'reviewText': 'I absolutely LOVE these glasses. Very comfortable, sturdy and feel like a much much more expensive pair of glasses. Already opened a few bottles with them and works flawlessly. Would recommend to anyone looking for a good looking quality pair of sunglasses. Just wish i had found them sooner', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 23, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'CJM', 'userURI': 'AE357CUSSHKNPEMWPM2O2ZEEJQTA', 'reviewText': 'So far so good.  As promised, the glasses are living up to my expectations.  The fit is comfortable, and the lens provide excellent visibility.  The bottle opener is a bonus, and a nice conversation piece at the BBQ.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 25, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jill', 'userURI': 'AFUKIFJCHNC5PZMQD7HD4AVKTUAA', 'reviewText': 'These are really comfortable and the lens quality is awesome. I bought them for my husband but I have stolen them once or twice. They are well made and feel like they can take a beating. The bottle opener features is a great conversation piece and really useful.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 5, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'S. Nguyen', 'userURI': 'AFRMPVB655Y4CGYU7MVU5OOD3M3A', 'reviewText': "I bought these for my boyfriend, who was looking for a new pair of sunglasses. We initially were going to buy Ray Bans, but the William Painter sunglasses caught our eyes. They were stylish while not being too flashy.My boyfriend has had these sunglasses for over a month now, and they've been very durable, and the metal frame is very sturdy. He used the bottle opener for the first time, and it actually worked pretty well. These glasses are not like your typical Ray Bans but have the same quality. I would definitely recommend--just be careful keeping the glasses laying out in the sun for too long or else they get really hot to touch.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 6, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Holly', 'userURI': 'AHOYJOKCTO4RZH4P56JI73WVJKJA', 'reviewText': 'My husband ordered these glasses and is pleased with the look, the coolness of having the opener on the side and plans to wear them on his fraternity brother guy trips--and loves these for vacation as well. He is pleased with the quality and though they are on the heavy side-he does not seem to mind.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 15, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'xHiZoR', 'userURI': 'AFHKONAMSFOCPOX7OABRB3CM5YGQ', 'reviewText': "They are awesome but like others have said, they come with some blemishes. Mine had a scratch as you can see in the pic, on the right arm. left arm had a smudge of something and in the next picture you can see that there is also a smear where the info is. Other than that I love these glasses. Won't return though because I hate going through the hassle of sending it back and waiting. They need to work on quality control imo.", 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'August 19, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'David', 'userURI': 'AHCCFEKFNRA3T2GSNOPDDO6HYC4A', 'reviewText': "Love these sunglasses. Great price, fantastic lenses, so sturdy, great weight. They look perfect--I love the classic Wayfarer.A few notes after using them every day for 6 months:Initially, the hinges were fairly stiff and after a few hours of wear they would start to feel like the frames pinched my head. I didn't like this. However, after a month or two the hinges started to loosen and the pinching feeling went away. Now I can wear them all day in total comfort and they easily flick open--perfect, in my opinion.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 1, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'SirSpankAthot', 'userURI': 'AGIV6UFX7LSAZ75CHQZTVLJG3TGA', 'reviewText': "These are some pretty dope shades, for those of you contemplating whether to buy them or not because of the price or because of other wayfarers having such a similar design..... don't. The quality is way different from other sunglasses (And I've owned 170$ wayfarers before which I lost in Europe) and I can say that these are some of the best. Personally I only like the best of the best and I'm glad to say that this was a smart purchase.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 7, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'P. Ficuciello', 'userURI': 'AFQATVV4KOMGKM5ZWQXR5IWU5VIQ', 'reviewText': 'Fantastic pair of sunglasses.  Perfect fit. Sharp lenses, Perfect weight. Great looking too.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 26, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'T. Grizzel', 'userURI': 'AEGBT6RB6MF6CJPBW7OV6CM6ZHDA', 'reviewText': "Scratched the lenses within the first week while standing in line at a Starbucks. Didn't feel them hit anything but they have multiple huge gashes right in front of my eye, making hem pretty much unusable.  I have Oakleys, Smiths, Arnnets and even knock offs that have seen much more abuse, been dropped off of my head multiple times, etc. and the lenses have held up better.Great to look at these things on a shelf, but I wouldn't recommend wearing them.", 'stars': '2', 'postDate': 'September 11, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Richard S.', 'userURI': 'AGREHNYHYKLI4QT2TSTSZPOSKHBQ', 'reviewText': "I'm a fan of these glasses. They're comfortable, feel solid/durable and I get plenty of compliments on them. I subtracted a star because I get a reflection in my peripherals which can be pretty distracting. For this reason I don't like wearing them when playing social sports which is a bit frustrating because I'd love to have a pair of sunglasses to use for all parts of my life. This could be happening because my face isn't that big. Who knows? Either way, they're a quality pair of shades that I'm sure will last the test of time.", 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'October 22, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Sheryl Christianson', 'userURI': 'AG3SRVPTKF5TF5SSUV6RFEI7IWXQ', 'reviewText': 'Loved them for a few minutes but they broke. Pin broke a one of the side came off . A lot of money for not what I expected...', 'stars': '1', 'postDate': 'July 24, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Kendall T.', 'userURI': 'AH4EDJ3KLHT5ZNKLPH7W6CXGF2IA', 'reviewText': 'Excellent sunglasses!  I have always wanted Wayfarer sunglasses but never wanted to pay the price for them.  I will admit that I was skeptical at first because I have never paid this much for sunglasses before.  I was impressed from the moment I opened the package.  The case is excellent quality and the sunglasses are even better quality.  They feel slightly heavy at first but you quickly get adjusted to them.  The lenses do their job perfectly at blocking out sun without darkening or distorting your view.  Wore them to a party the other day and the hook bottle opener worked great and was a hit at the party.  Very stylish and good quality sunglasses.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 11, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Pete', 'userURI': 'AFC3FG3CPXEPQZASHZB6EJJLY6UA', 'reviewText': 'I love these glasses. Right out of the case- which was wonderfully crafted- I felt the quality of these glasses! Sturdy, yet comfortable. Great buy!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 13, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Kojimo', 'userURI': 'AF5LBPBZZRZ3GMH2XGUI4RGQ5OPQ', 'reviewText': "Some of the best glasses I've owned. I lost them during the Hora at a wedding.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 29, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AGM55ZKRHIF7UWL6TN4A6E3VU4FA', 'reviewText': "I was searching for a new pair of Ray Bans when I stumbled upon these William Painter's. At one point I was a machinist so when I saw they were titanium frames I knew they'd last much longer than any plastic frames. Since I received them I wear them every day and usually spark up a conversation and end up basically selling them myself. If your thinking of a new pair of glasses, these are them", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 14, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'GuestHouse', 'userURI': 'AFJAXMAQO4242XPKXGQVWIM4AUYA', 'reviewText': 'These are amazing as you can see from all the other 5 star comments. I own prada, ray bans and these are much better. My new go to pair for everything. They are sturdy when you put them on top of your head. Other glasses seem to always slip off but not these. Great lenses and very clear', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 14, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jeremy J. Kay', 'userURI': 'AEM2Z2CJR37VGG5KXFOB3CFL24TQ', 'reviewText': "I replaced a pair of Ray-Ban wayfarer sunglasses with these and I'm very happy! These are the best fitting wayfarers I've ever owned. Unlike the Ray-Bans, these actually stay put and aren't constantly slipping down my face.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 5, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Andrew', 'userURI': 'AF74JGJEBHKNGLEVVN6KJ2YIY2SQ', 'reviewText': "I like these shades but it's been around 14 months since i bought them and the black part of the frame (the piece that holds lenses) has faded", 'stars': '3', 'postDate': 'April 29, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Josh Dean', 'userURI': 'AGMQQPYKUT2MKOR5NN2RX7I3PW6Q', 'reviewText': 'Best purchase that I have made in a while! The lenses are incredible and the frame is bullet proof! Very happy with this brand and would buy again without hesitation! William Painter is on the rise...', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 20, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'DNO', 'userURI': 'AEWR2J3335S3JR3DUEEF2UYYBLNA', 'reviewText': 'Great glasses. Size fits well for men or women. I bought them for my husband thinking he would love the bottle opener...genius. Nice looking glasses with an innovative and functional bottle opener option.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 20, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AGQY44EEM63CVPC3YDKPVXIHQUUQ', 'reviewText': 'If you want a pair of awesome looking sunglasses without losing the high quality that we all expect, then I highly suggest giving these a try! Best sunglasses I have ever owned. They are extremely comfortable and well worth the cost. The only thing better than these glasses is the team over there at William Painter. I was immediately contacted by Jeff, over at WP, asking me if everything was okay upon receiving them and was assured that if I had any issues.... any... to reach out to him and he will help me out in any way that he can, no questions asked!Highly, highly, recommenced!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 22, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Patrick', 'userURI': 'AHSQ75ZGXXUFONURDMKQDKAWLTVA', 'reviewText': "Slightly heavy, very sturdy.  They look and fit nicely and do a good job of opening a beer in a pinch (make sure you hold the arm closely to the bottle or you will break the glasses). I think they're overpriced for what they are, I'd give them 5 stars if they were less expensive.", 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'September 28, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Guqin Fan', 'userURI': 'AGV2IEAUHUQMH3VTUCYTQ52TIGCA', 'reviewText': 'Ah...got to get another pair. It is so awesome.  Ordered this one adn the LEVEL - but both came in  the same style.  Had to return one.  I am missing my LEVEL!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 15, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Rad_Dizzle', 'userURI': 'AFV6Y2VUONQ3WHXEEOSQF4VROYMQ', 'reviewText': 'The best Sunglasses ever!I ordered a pair for myself after checking 85% of the reviews. I was impressed and decided to give it a shot. The product was in sale and I saved around $80 (Awesome deal!). I got a new pair, in perfect condition and I am very happy!Great product, great experience, great seller, happy customer! 5*!!!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 13, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'enoch thomas', 'userURI': 'AHXMZZX2GD7JWCFBEPJZVWC5T37A', 'reviewText': 'love them', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 20, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'aaron', 'userURI': 'AH6A5ZH6ZMMVX2GPYWCHV4SDYUJA', 'reviewText': 'They feel great and have lasted, bought them last year and most don’t last this long. Small scratches but not too obvious.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 30, 2018', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Cynthia Dudley Thatcher', 'userURI': 'AF4BNKA6Y3FEELRIZMHYMNDURNCA', 'reviewText': "very comfortable - don't slide down your nose. Durable and well built! bottle openers works well", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 9, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Sean J.', 'userURI': 'AHJBZMS3JW4Q7OOMSJGY4PWDQR2A', 'reviewText': "These are the first pair of glasses I've had that don't slide  down my nose. They stay right where you put them. I figured they would be heavy but they weigh about the same as normal sunglasses and you can tell they take there time and make a high quality product. Im very hard on sunglasses and I love these. Thank you William Painter.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 18, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Hyperion', 'userURI': 'AFPLUGIOG2HSL5DROIXYSDAOTX2A', 'reviewText': "High quality. Nearly unbreakable. And I go through sunglasses like nobody's business. These were so durable, they lasted until I eventually lost them, sadly :(  For now, I must stick with cheap or free sunglasses ($$), but I'll always remember the good times I had with my William Painters.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 26, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Ross Smith', 'userURI': 'AHQC2WKVHLRB35DBWST4DM7DHMMQ', 'reviewText': "Great quality and unique sunglasses. The only reason why I did not give it 5 stars is because they slide down my nose every time I sweat. In Texas, I sweat every time I'm outside, so this is a constant issue. They are a little heavy at the front, but I think this issue could be solved by simply providing an anti-slip material (i.e. silicon, etc) at the nose piece - currently, it's just smooth plastic.", 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'August 25, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AETYP2UNLVUBX46T3GVE6R25IXAQ', 'reviewText': "Nice comfortable sunglasses.  One reviewer mentioned there's a logo on the lens, but it's easy to gently scrap off.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 16, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Ezche', 'userURI': 'AF42NPWFBTIHBEIUC733RUU5LOZQ', 'reviewText': "These shades are the real deal. Everything about them feels on another level. They do stay quite cool to the touch, but they do actually get a bit hot if you leave them in the car while it's scorching.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 4, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'JAM', 'userURI': 'AE2C42U62RWZBRKUAJU5KKZ2FAZQ', 'reviewText': 'Glasses arrived quickly and were a perfect fit for my head. They are heavier than my other Wayfarers but they fit so perfectly that I can wear them for a much longer time without feeling any fatigue on the bridge of my nose or my ears. Great sunglasses with awesome lenses.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 14, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Joel', 'userURI': 'AFO6YVSTF3PDBMWOPJJDWJIAHDCQ', 'reviewText': "Cant live without these anymore, opened a beer at the beach and friend's minds were blown up.4 Stars because somehow got a hairline thin scratch on the inside part of the lens, dont even know how it got there.", 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'January 27, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Ryan Heil', 'userURI': 'AHM7JITJADQ7BJCBCQWY22FT2WBQ', 'reviewText': "These things are sharp, and very durable!  WAY better than the Ray Bands I've previously owned.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 9, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AG2N5IZHMHVQ3Q4BYMU4MCWDXGUA', 'reviewText': 'I Absolutely love them!  You feel the quality as soon as you hold them. They fit comfortably. In my opinion they are far better than Ray bans wayfarer. And for relatively the same price as Ray bans why not go for the better quality?!?!? I have both pair of glasses, I can definitely tell the difference just by the touch. William Painter should be knighted. Sir William Painter lol.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 9, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'chris gauer', 'userURI': 'AG6KOJ6JIYKJ3BR2XKD6IGWRCW6A', 'reviewText': "Awesome sunglasses. They fit perfectly. Very sturdy frames. The lenses are top notch. I've owned Oakley's, Revo's & Maui Jim's. So far, thesee glasses top them all in both performance and style. Thank you for creating a perfect pair of sunglasses.  Highly recommend!!!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 6, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Anonymous', 'userURI': 'AFRH5EO7L4EG2T2P7BKJCXZYJJNQ', 'reviewText': 'Great glasses.  Very sturdy, I like how they are weighted. Bottle opener is perfect for a day on the beach.I recommend to anyone. I have no complaints so far (about 1 month of use).', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 26, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Vic', 'userURI': 'AFGDM7XX33E44GLIZHMJVQFVKTRQ', 'reviewText': "sunglasses are light, fit perfectly on me, made out of titanium so they are super durable. I even tried to scratch them and couldn't. I have opened a couple of beers and still no scratches. Have dropped them and still no scratches. Best sunglasses ever. Plus they look awesome", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 20, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'bigbeezy209', 'userURI': 'AHFOEH37326EJY7XQ2U7UU2FFHHQ', 'reviewText': "I love the idea and style of these glasses.. I'm just really sad that I'm going to return them so soon. The paint is peeling off from normal wear and tear. They have never been dropped or abused by me.", 'stars': '3', 'postDate': 'September 10, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'GadgetGidget', 'userURI': 'AFUIYN4OHNP6TMKI2DAHC5TMGKJQ', 'reviewText': "Great glasses.  About the weight -- the arms are a bit heavy, but the lens holders not. I really don't notice it while wearing (and I'm sensitive to weight) -- but I do notice it when I put them up on the top of my forehead/head for a few minutes at a time; the nosepiece digs in just a bit.  Overall really happy. Polarized, protective, good looking. Bottle opener is a big odd, but whatever.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 13, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Scott McGraw', 'userURI': 'AHUK47OE2AENUCZT4ZXC27CHAC5A', 'reviewText': 'I love these glasses. I recently was as riding my bicycle, in the bike lane and was his by a car. Of all of the equipment I was wearing only my sun glasses survived. But the lenses were scratched. So I canned them and bought another pair.  Scott', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 15, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Grzegorz Bialek', 'userURI': 'AGNHGPWLMBSC75WYTRCED3JV3RUQ', 'reviewText': "Supreme quality. I am very happy with the build details, it is way better than most overpaid brands. It looks like they will last. I like the use of titanium and how well balanced they are. I'm also curious how long the lenses will last but, all in all, I haven't seen better sunglasses in my life. I supported their aviator project on KS too, and I can't wait to see where they will go from here.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 1, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'william yang', 'userURI': 'AEUJ2D34WGLKRITADG4RUNJMW24Q', 'reviewText': "For anyone reading this review right now... What are you waiting for? There's no need to look any further. These are the best glasses that you will ever own. When compared to brands such as Ray Bans, Dolce and Gabanna, Burberry, Versace, Prada, Gucci, Fendi, and etc. you will see that William Painter outshines them all. I mean now many companies would actually use titanium for their glasses? Also how often do you find a pair of hooks on your glasses that can be used for opening bottles? Haha... Well, The bottle opens might just be a bonus cause I don't know how many people would actually be into that but still, it doesn't hurt to have them. Anyways as I was saying this beautiful matte black finish sunglasses can be yours. All you have to do it click buy now and press place order and your all set. If you couldn't already tell, I love my William Painter Titanium HOOK sunglasses. They are the best sunglasses that I will ever own and they will last forever.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 4, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AFVK72FLQCBAN5CI66LTHTRHL3YQ', 'reviewText': 'I was looking for a sunglass that I could use everyday without anything to worry about and the Hook by William Painters delivers just that. I did try ray-ban and oakley but this one is way more durable, strong and unique from the other sunglasses. Plus it has a bottle opener, how cool is that. The WP stand beside their quality and customer service. I had a defect on an arm of sunglass and when I email them, they delivered me a new sunglass. I highly recommend these sunglasses to anybody. If you are looking for something unique, durable, sunglasses that you do not have to worry about than these sunglasses is for you.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 23, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Adam K', 'userURI': 'AF2LOFKURJBPW6IULY6YTOSMT3NA', 'reviewText': 'Lifetime warranty is legit. no questions just replaced my broken glasses. before i could send them, day after. absolutely amazing. great glasses and fit over my glasses when i need them.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 27, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Josh Powell', 'userURI': 'AGULYI5WJ5MESLK35GQ5LR35UHXQ', 'reviewText': "I ordered these sunglasses in Oct. of 2015, and they are by far the greatest sunglasses I've ever owned. Theyre chic, stylish, comfortable and because of their versatility have become a part of my daily life. I truly love these sunglasses, and im veey grateful for the team at william sonoma for their hard work.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 24, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Josh Travis', 'userURI': 'AES4IJVUKREGKVHENBQRLV7643CQ', 'reviewText': 'I have had many pairs of sunglasses and this by far is the best pair I have ever owned. My previous pair of sunglasses were Raybans and although they were stylish they did not have the same craftsmanship as these.I definitely recommend purchasing these especially with the excellent customer service I received.P.S. They felt much heavier than I thought they would, especially for Titanium frames, but as soon as you put them on they feel surprisingly light. (I think this has to do with the way they distributed the weight on the frame)', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 8, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Zylbehar', 'userURI': 'AHIIEF46N3YGPVKZLTJM6PIAWL7Q', 'reviewText': 'Literally the best sunglasses I have ever owned. Strong material, bottle opener, insanely awesome customer service. What more could you want?', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 26, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Red FX', 'userURI': 'AHVILH5AZVDVWJECZ4MCELLKOLPA', 'reviewText': 'I destroy sunnies. These are strong, durable, look Good, and are very useful.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 19, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Firestorm', 'userURI': 'AFRVNDO3RAMFT6SHUMMRSXLQD4EA', 'reviewText': 'I bought a pair of these glasses a couple of years ago. They got hot in my pocket and somehow the UV stuff came off. Anyway these guys replaced the glasses -- no problem at all. Wow -- that was amazing. Great glasses and great customer service !!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 14, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jordan', 'userURI': 'AFZTJBAI2FT2YUYFJMMNW4RJBHJA', 'reviewText': "Overall wonderful quality product. Awesome material and construction! Only thing that kept it from being a 5 star review are that they were heavier than I expected and pinch the bridge of my nose a little. But I mostly just attribute that to the shape of my face. The more I wear them the less I notice it though. Also having never worn the wayfarer style before I didn't realize it would interfere with wearing my ball cap as low as I like. Despite this I still won't return them based on their construction quality and style.", 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'November 6, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amanda Swanson', 'userURI': 'AGSPK3SFJPBKCYPF2GADTW3RC4RQ', 'reviewText': 'These sunglasses are the best. I lost the first pair I bought last summer, and I finally replaced them. Feels amazing to have them back. They are durable and very comfortable. The bottle opener comes in handy a lot as well. My friend even used the frames for his prescription glasses. They also come with very nice packaging and a really nice sunglasses case. So in love with this brand. Thank you William Painter for making such a quality product. Im a very happy customer over here.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 16, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'KOV', 'userURI': 'AGRWPVLIAOXC4BNUYFLW6N5D7ICA', 'reviewText': 'Roll with confidence in your sturdy,  yet stylish William Painter shades.  These shades are built well and will stay in the open position, on your nose , protecting your eyes with authority. Blue eyes need not squint while wearing these . The presentation and the packaging are amazing. We tried the bottle opener at a party this weekend and yes it worked great. Hold these folded in your hand and you are convinced that these are sturdy , substantial and will last.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 22, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'red', 'userURI': 'AEPWLJKZY6SOEWZ4P6L6E2ET3WKA', 'reviewText': 'Seats heavy on the nose. but opens beer well', 'stars': '3', 'postDate': 'February 17, 2018', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'tmath19', 'userURI': 'AHC44UWQF3V4R4BIFGWPR2KTK6VA', 'reviewText': 'Really great glasses!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 4, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Aaron Daily', 'userURI': 'AGF4NLISWWLETSW3J3H4CTSUUIQQ', 'reviewText': "These sunglasses are great. The titanium frames feel very robust and  I expect these will last a long time. The lenses are well polarized, and I feel they don't dampen colors as my last pair of sunglasses (ray-ban). It's also a small thing, but the case is really nice.The only reason I cannot give this a perfect score is I think part of the nature of the metal frames. In the case while folded together, the two sides will rub together causing small scratches. It's nothing major, and mostly isn't visible unless under close inspection.", 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'October 2, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AGQWWJUAM44CGVE5CAH5R32FSU3A', 'reviewText': "I saw these for the first time in Trinidad (my brother in law has a pair).  Good looking sunglasses that can open beer bottles?Well, I wanted them. My wife wanted them.  We bought them.  They are awesome!Look good, awesome customer service, quick shipping, and the titanium arms go through beer like no one's business!Probably the most vital gear for the beach or party scene.  Who wants to put a dirty flip flop on your beer when you can use a quick snap from your glasses?!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'February 17, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Mvera', 'userURI': 'AFXUL43TLZ3K2KDDHPUZ3YUVSROQ', 'reviewText': 'If you break your glasses, William painter will replace them without asking questions, pretty simple process. Easy to change your prescription lenses.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'February 4, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AFEMBN2CZGOXHZHLYQIGMCDNISDQ', 'reviewText': "These are really awesome glasses.They are super sturdy, super stylish, and super unique. I reach for them over my Oakley's every day of the week.My one little complaint is that the arms get really hot in the car, so leave them in the glove box to prevent that. It's not a flaw its just part of having titanium arms.Would buy them again", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 4, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AEL6USFHFHHXTC2RLTJZHVRJHADA', 'reviewText': 'Awesome glasses! Titanium stays cool when hot outside. Comfortable and stay on your face and of course the style. Bottle opener just an added bonus. Not too heavy but some of my Oakleys are lighter.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 9, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'L. Rogers', 'userURI': 'AEYRGQF6HFTZTLUQM6ZSV2YKJHRQ', 'reviewText': 'I love these sunglasses.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 18, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'kosR', 'userURI': 'AFYBYRD5CFOHIUNME36ZEZVNRJIQ', 'reviewText': "Ive have these sunglasses for several months now and i can now write a pretty well review. ill keep it simple as i can. first the glasses are a bit heavy, they are very well built, hinges feel strong and move nicely, the polarized lens are very good on sunny days. the quality is there no doubt.  i use them all the time and wear them constantly,  and still look like new. and ive opened tons and ton of bottles. trust me, wear these to a BBQ and you'll get attention about them as you opens everyone's bottles (and still look new!). i paid 165 for these just some months ago and now their 120? very weird for the price to drop so much...why could that be? reminds me of clearance items, please dont cheapen the brand!the bad. they say made in china on them. in plain sight. people will not know william painter and they will constantly mistaken these for cheap $40 knock offs. i would also look into changing the etching on the lens, the logo just doesnt look correctly etched. looks like they tried but carefully see slight chipping. maybe do away with it or use better tooling. in the months ive had them i did notice the arms tweaked a bit, i had to bend them slightly to straighten them out again but no big deal, i use them all the time im sure no glasses would stay straight forever.THEY GET HOT! these are metal. i keep them inside a sun glass holder (inclosed) that clips on my visor. its not directly in the sun as the visor is up position but they seem to get pretty hot where i have to try to cool them down a little before wearing.im still very happy with them. why not? they are 110% money back guarantee for life! plus from personal experience they have excellent customer service.  ill definitely check out their other line of shades. i hope maybe to see made in usa soon on them or maybe just write it super tiny lol", 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'April 22, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Sigrid D. Kopf', 'userURI': 'AHS3GLRK2FOJQ4APBCQUIRY3AL7A', 'reviewText': 'I have been a Ray Ban wearer all of my life, I was looking for a change and these came up as a good option.  When they arrived I was a little skeptical about the design, the lenses seemed large, but once I put them on I loved them.  They have a Rat Pack look to them and they are so clear and protective, even on the sunniest of days.  Though dark, they do not need to be taken on and off as the sun changes, their clarity allows you to keep them on.  I find them to be an excellent choice.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 5, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Brennan Webb', 'userURI': 'AFIHCULSWY5E7X6GDSOA2WLTRIBA', 'reviewText': 'Great sunglasses. Very durable. Make sure to realize that the front is acetate and not titanium. These were much more durable than traditional wayfarers. Also, I learned my lesson not to bring these boating without something buoyant attached to them, lost them in the water.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 18, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Derek Russell', 'userURI': 'AF3BII65NARZ6RZBVBLBBLBJ2QTQ', 'reviewText': 'Great Sunglasses, bought them after losing my Ray Bans, much happier with these sun glasses than my previous ones. They have a sturdy build quality and look and feel great.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 11, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Michael', 'userURI': 'AFLAX543USJBJ67FVTZNVEVALP7A', 'reviewText': 'Really love these glasses! Always get comments on them and you feel like a true bad ass when wearing them. These go extremely well with a beard, so I highly recommend growing a beard and rocking these glasses :)', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 7, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Robert Evans Jr', 'userURI': 'AHCA7QWAQC4QO6NYMMHSQNQNL5YQ', 'reviewText': 'Awsome shades. Just need to make them for a fatter face', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'February 3, 2018', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'S kafferly', 'userURI': 'AGTBSPLNVRFHTKQ33XINANNFPEOA', 'reviewText': 'Love Love Love', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 14, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Erin Caldwell', 'userURI': 'AFJPJUQZOAK3PZELSGIEBN52MZ5Q', 'reviewText': 'There was an initial mix up with my order. Once I contacted the company, they were quick to give me a personal response and rectify the situation.  I received my glasses the next day. I originally gave them an unfavorable review dude to the delay, but I want to revoke it for the quality service I ended up receiving.  My husband is thrilled with his new heavy duty bottle opening sunglasses. They are great!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 9, 2013', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'manuel', 'userURI': 'AFBNVR6BFWSSQDXXGYB2AKB4V2XA', 'reviewText': 'Really good pair of sunglasses. Sturdy well built. for me the only thing that is wrong with them is the weight. these are a little on the heavy side for me.', 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'January 7, 2018', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Alex Lerman', 'userURI': 'AH5JISPBPLRBLQLWR24MVATY5LDQ', 'reviewText': 'These are absolutely amazing sunglasses of very high quality. They look great, block out direct sunlight, and the most redeeming feature for me so far is how over time the metal bends out slowly, molding and adjusting itself to fit on your head perfectly. If I had to give a criticism, I would point out that the matte finish likes to collect facial sweat, needing a wipe down after each use. Great sunglasses, would buy again and recommend to a friend.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 23, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Dieselmom', 'userURI': 'AH624324QYUGSGKPMVFBSXW24ZNA', 'reviewText': "These sunglasses are extremely well made and very comfortable. They block glare very well.  The only thing is they do leave a little mark on the bridge of my nose but it's worth what they provide for this photosensitive person. Very well made product!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 11, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Nicholas', 'userURI': 'AESPOMOUZLQS6VZLIUYSMQPLKGNA', 'reviewText': "I love these glasses! They're understated and classy and the bottle opener looks like a decoration, not a frat-cessory. Additionally, and more importantly, they work better than you can imagine. I had concerns, even win the titanium and they worked as well as almost any bottle opener you've ever used! These were gifted to me for $100, stolen, and I just bought another for $150! #WorthIt", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 4, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Chris', 'userURI': 'AGEISQUUY5U52QTHIQIE6GEEYOBA', 'reviewText': 'These things are fantastic and the customer service of William Painter is excellent!  Highly recommend these glasses and the brand.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 3, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Joshua Roumph', 'userURI': 'AEXMEEJDC6TLFW3NRDU6UTC2VVRA', 'reviewText': "These sunglasses look great and are rugged and durable. They have been punched off my face in mosh pits at concerts and stepped on when I was drunk at some party and they survived. They are my everyday day sunglasses on my motorcycle. They do get a bit heavy after wearing them all day but it's worth it for the durability.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 9, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Adler Simmons', 'userURI': 'AEQZU7JGNMMF5QLV733HA5HHRSSA', 'reviewText': "Best sunglasses I've ever owned, hands down. If you like the style then don't hesitate. You won't be let down!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 1, 2018', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Rafa', 'userURI': 'AEFQ7HTSV7RIWYTKFGNAESNX6PQQ', 'reviewText': 'Pros: Excellent lenses, the polarized is amazing, bottle opener is cool but never used it.Cons: Gets way too hot in the sun burns my face, its so heavy it hurts, they fall off your face when you turn head down.These are a cool concept but they need to work out the kinks in my opinion, people say you get used to the weight but my nose has been hurting so bad. The fact that these are sunglasses meant to be used in the sun but then they make it out of a material that conducts heat is kinda pointless', 'stars': '3', 'postDate': 'September 15, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AHOQYBM47635OZVW43JCG5AYXF6Q', 'reviewText': "These glasses are incredible. Not only do the lenses compare extremely well to other high end shades I've used such as Persol and Oakley but they are extremely scratch resistant and durable. The frames are very strong based on the Titanium design and the bottle openers is a great added touch. These are well worth the purchase!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'November 19, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Sara B.', 'userURI': 'AECCYEZTSMFR2PC2WQSFC2OXCRRQ', 'reviewText': 'Amazing. I actually purchased them twice. They were a wedding gift for my husband. He wore them all the time then misplaced them. They were so awesome I had to get them for him again on our 1st anniversary.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 9, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': '2015kmj', 'userURI': 'AGTCFRVDIK6UKCR2FULI6RZ2B7FA', 'reviewText': 'initially purchased for a gift.  The young man I gifted them to was impressed, and said since he has had them for a few weeks, he finds them durable, well fitted, fashion forward and practical.  I had to go back and purchase a pair for myself.  I think William Painters offer a warranty or guarantee on scratches', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 26, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'db808', 'userURI': 'AE577JA366F5HHNGDSIN7C6GQIRA', 'reviewText': "I was at first skeptical about these glasses. While they are titanium, the concept of a bottle opener seemed gimmicky and risky to me. I also noted that there was very little focus on optics in the description. However, the glowing reviews convinced me to give them a try. I am so glad I did. The quality is flawless! Every component of the glasses, from the lens to the frame, feels worth the sticker price (unlike some other leading brands). The hinges do not swing idly, but smoothly rotate with a slight resistance, giving a very sturdy and refined feel. These shades also boast a very generous warranty, but given the build quality, I have a feeling I won't be using it anytime soon. I do notice that the optics don't have quite as enhancing an effect as Maui Jims, but they are at least as good as Ray Bans. I am a fan!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 20, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AFINJTD2QUVENOSJ6HOAZRWZNAOQ', 'reviewText': "only thing I dont like about it is the lens isn't dark enough.At first I thought it was too tight. Now actually like it that way. surprisingly it wraps perfectly around your head and doesn't hang on your ear like all other sunglass. ??", 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'September 9, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Oscar Alejandro Huantes', 'userURI': 'AH3BLNBSVJXCWCOL76YMCEZLBO4A', 'reviewText': 'Awesome Shades Build Strong Lasting Comfortable Dark‘N Steel & Made For Long Last I Luv Them They Have a Stature i can Really Like cause “IT‘S STYLE" Is Sick Slick & Awesome That FN Cool', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 1, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Customer', 'userURI': 'AH5BBJ2QN6GBJXMRCRG43TNUZ7GQ', 'reviewText': 'This sunglass was a truly unique, durable, sexy, really any positive adjective for a pair of sunglasses possible.I truly enjoyed wearing these, and I looked so badass while opening bottle caps of numerous soda bottles.I have graduated top of my class of the Bottle Openers, and I now have over 300 confirmed bottle caps.Thanks for this wonderful and fun pair of sunglasses!Dan', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'November 6, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Ben', 'userURI': 'AFUVB45RFSZRFRCM4CKVF6CUB42Q', 'reviewText': 'Everytime anyone asks me about my glasses I give them the whole titanium line. But the warranty is the best part of the deal, not to mention I was contacted by the company a few days after receiving the glasses to see how I liked them. The glasses themselves are understated enough to be casual but sharp enough to be worn formally.', 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'October 11, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'W. Dustin Brown', 'userURI': 'AEPR5F6ORAQABATLOV4BPD2T3NTQ', 'reviewText': "This is my first pair of non-POS, non-beater sunglasses. I have a history of walking off without my sunglasses and generally abusing them. I've even had a pair crushed by a car. Ironically, my phone doesn't get the same treatment and is always in pristine condition because I can put it in my pocket. I'm just sunglasses-cursed, so I've been hesitant to spend more than $20 on them. However, as of late I've been dissatisfied with the cheapos. Once I educated myself on the actual differences, in terms of build quality, UV protection and anti-glare that a high end pair provide...well you can't unknow that stuff once you learn it, so it ate at me and I pulled the trigger on these since they get good reviews and the price was relatively reasonable. The problem is, now I feel like I have to baby them or they'll get scratched and I'll have wasted my money. The hard shell case they come with is nice, but it's not practical unless you carry a bag or something around with you everywhere, which I don't and I'm not about to start. So when I'm wearing them I'm left with risky options that forego the case. When I try hooking them onto the collar of my shirt, the bottle opener gets snagged on my collar. Often when I go to fold the arms, the bottle openers get caught onto one another. I guess the glasses themselves are fine, I'm just not quite sure how to go about owning a good pair of sunglasses without it being more fussy maintenance than I want in my life.", 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'April 25, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jack', 'userURI': 'AECBPOPW3LJHCDQD2Z2NE64UN7IA', 'reviewText': "I went to UCLA for college and that school is gorgeous all year round. Sucks, though, if you are blinded by the sun and can't actually see the beauty. And where dressing well does not go unnoticed, the Hook shades helped me there, too. Thanks for the double-effort, WP.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 1, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AFJZAJWOYUYIOPTWLV2W2PES7GMQ', 'reviewText': "Great sunglasses; high quality titanium polarized sunnies that fit great, stay cool in the sun and then open your beer for you. What's not to like?", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 30, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'michelle z', 'userURI': 'AHHUMJKJ34L3XMH6OEVVBB3FCERA', 'reviewText': 'Love these sunglasses!! Customer service is amazing!! Highly recommend!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 7, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'ashton', 'userURI': 'AHHAMLCNKGYXDRXV2UMP2JLO3PMQ', 'reviewText': "Glasses are heavier than normal ones, sit on your face just right so that you barely notice it.Case that's included is nice.first pair I received had a few blemishes and a dot on lenses, but returned and 2nd pair was flawless.", 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'October 2, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AGOJJA3PL2G7EN5HBJEWBPLX5PGQ', 'reviewText': "The only complaint that I could have is the case is a tad crooked and  I noticed some edges are peeling after only about a week, but other than that they fit great and look amazing; that being said, these glasses are great!! I've been wanting the hook for a few years now and I'm so glad I finaly have them.", 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'December 8, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Tony', 'userURI': 'AGBSPN3C347EA335CE5L6STNJ76Q', 'reviewText': 'Great pair of sunglasses. Love mine after months of daily wear. Holds up well and the quality of the build/materials is spot on to what they market it as. Definitely worth the money.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 3, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Taylor B', 'userURI': 'AFQN5VFWWQUHQQROPPUT43YRMYTA', 'reviewText': 'Great product! I love the look and feel of these glasses. Good weight to them, fit perfectly and solid build quality. I had my first pair stolen after only a couple weeks of use and as advertised, they gave me a huge discount on a new pair! Great customer service and highly recommend getting your next pair of shades through these guys!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 9, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'brendan shea', 'userURI': 'AFTZF7DEUYFSSIYBW724EENYOPSQ', 'reviewText': "So far they are exactly as advertised, sturdy which is a must for me, in accident prone when it comes to glasses so if you're in the same boat, id highly recommend! And if not they are still dope shades on looks alone ????", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 22, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'xaver', 'userURI': 'AE3UJCPOOKAXO4EYX42TEZ4OIBWA', 'reviewText': 'My second pair of WP shades.So happy with tham.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 8, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Adam Poertner', 'userURI': 'AGCNLPMVHGP3CKEHJBILJP4OSGAA', 'reviewText': 'The sun glasses are amazing, almost completely replaced my Oakleys. Receive complements on the design all the time and they can help crack open a cold one with the boys.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 26, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'KathyO', 'userURI': 'AFIVHYW7WOYXXCU76EED6UIPE5JQ', 'reviewText': 'Bought these for my son for college graduation gift.  He loved them!  Great quality and super cool!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 14, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Noel Zapata', 'userURI': 'AFOWBUH2C6QY4XXOS7PQLH7AJRWA', 'reviewText': "Great pair of glasses, especially for the price! The hook impressively works as a bottle opener, and is a definite crowd pleaser. Only downside I've seen is slight paint peeling but it's really hard to see unless you're looking for it, and doesnt surprise me given how much I've worn them since getting them. Would recommend.", 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'September 21, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Matthew Poillon', 'userURI': 'AERYFC46GT4STKRIMEWI5FBTNL6A', 'reviewText': 'Just received my pair today. They are very well made and certainly worth the price. Looking forward to using these come summer.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 26, 2018', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Mr Saing', 'userURI': 'AFYAZQFSZ6NYAEKIMTENOG6PLFSA', 'reviewText': "Great Glasses! classic silhouette with some added functionality is a nice thing.  I haven't opened any beer bottles yet but i keep these as my rugged go to for in-pocket carrying with no case.  No scratches yet and the polarized lenses are crisp.  Definitely a good part of the glasses collection.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 29, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Richard Welton', 'userURI': 'AHNT7EP42CGEL5652CLEBUUWPUZQ', 'reviewText': 'Incredible quality and best pair of sunglasses I have ever owned. Considered buying multiple pairs to ensure I am never without them.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 1, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Brunilda Rodriguez Velez', 'userURI': 'AED4EW5T75P63WVXSXFAPYHHTQSQ', 'reviewText': 'My husband really enjoys these sunglasses and even though he has a lot of fancy and branded sunglasses, now he and these sunglasses are inseparables.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 29, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Podolski Nation', 'userURI': 'AG67F2EPUDZYHKZNUR7AC5L3UCCA', 'reviewText': "They're expensive but completely worth it in my opinion. I've had them for a couple weeks now and haven't had any problems (plus the bottle openers on the side are awesome). On top of that, they have great, personal customer service.10/10 would recommend.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 4, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AGTUBP4RYV6WKDABMQEM336ALB2A', 'reviewText': 'Bought these for my boyfriend who is a nearly obsessive sunglasses wearer. He loves them!  Very sturdy and well made and the added bottle opener feature is both clever and practical.The seller was prompt and sent a follow up email asking if I was happy with the purchase.  I was, though I never replied.  Sorry about that, Jeff.  Was cool of you to ask!  :)', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 11, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Kristen Achttien', 'userURI': 'AFMNJ6UYHUEHXT2SZ7N2SL7BWQGQ', 'reviewText': "these glasses are the best! They are nice and sturdy and super comfortable! I'm too scared to mess them up to actually use them as bottle openers still! :) We typically wear SPY glasses but we are in love with how these fit and feel on your face!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'February 8, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Gizmo', 'userURI': 'AHUK53A67CXIMD5N2FWMG4UJTWGQ', 'reviewText': "I've been using for over a month now and really like them. Fits really well and very comfortable. Living in a hot environment, I really like how they fell cool when putting them on. Opens bottles with ease and to top it off the customer service was very eager to please, reaching out to me to make sure I was happy and sent me care instructions.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 22, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Elva Firstenberg', 'userURI': 'AFE3GUQFZU4KIXEICC4AAMNCPRPQ', 'reviewText': 'Fantastic gift for my Parrothead husband!!! These glasses are well made and entirely functional. Great conversation piece too!!!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 13, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'William T.', 'userURI': 'AGCABZ5HKMMSZJJTHMVFTKWC3QQA', 'reviewText': 'Hello, I  just bought this william painter sunglasses. And they are great. I am very happy to have them. You can open beers with them with no problem. I really recomend them.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 13, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'AM', 'userURI': 'AHYGQX5SM7I3TPO466FPAO523WAQ', 'reviewText': 'Love it !', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 18, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Charlie Church', 'userURI': 'AFWK3BCIVURL4SC6OXPOAGLHIHTA', 'reviewText': 'These are Exactaly what was described in the description. An awesome pair of glasses! The only downfall of the strong titanium frame is, if you have a somewhat bigger head the ear pieces can push a little hard just above your ears. Something that you get used to over time, but maybe if they were made with a more flexible hinge this would not happen.', 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'September 9, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'JR', 'userURI': 'AHUM2W7GVPMWUWQJEJTBNDMLLOKQ', 'reviewText': 'I like them. They are sturdy as my wife.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 28, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Daniel Bares', 'userURI': 'AF6UZO2WRGUCRF4BKBW5OPDKDJEA', 'reviewText': "In the fewest amount of words this pair of sunglasses is great! It feels so good to wear, at first the weight seems to be heavy, but once you wear them you find out that it doesn't really bother you at all. Highly recommended for people looking for a new pair of sunglasses!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 21, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jamison', 'userURI': 'AFLDMQLR2I6QZDBGPJP2IN5OZCWA', 'reviewText': "If you like fast cars, explosions, apple pie and America, you'll love these glasses.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 29, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Mixon Eldridge', 'userURI': 'AHX6Z4A23J2T2G5DVV5UON6ZVI4Q', 'reviewText': 'Perfect fit. Perfect weight. Customer service response was outstanding and shipping was extremely quick. Highly recommend.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 15, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'McLane W.', 'userURI': 'AEHXXAWZ2P6XUX2LZLF5QIVLAYBA', 'reviewText': 'They are light weight, and seem very durable. I have been a Ray Ban wayfarer guy for quite some time, but these are awesome!!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 1, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Aaron S', 'userURI': 'AEVT7G25LYIDI6S7IR5BFPK5U4FQ', 'reviewText': "Wear them everyday.  Black and sleek and goes with pretty much everything you wear.  Very durable, I'm not afraid to toss them on my desk.  Everything I wanted in a pair of glasses, but mainly wanted them to not break easily (I've broken several Ray Bans, Prada, Dolce Gabana sunglasses).", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 4, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Joshua', 'userURI': 'AF6KZE3CFP5MGHEITPBSQ7KLPS4Q', 'reviewText': 'These glasses are awesome. I ended up getting a second pair after I sadly broke my first after a freak accident. The guys in customer service are also super helpful.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 16, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Shady Wesson', 'userURI': 'AFENU3H32VM73U7ZIX6JODH4ZBXQ', 'reviewText': "I bought these bad boys because they looked great on Amazon and the reviews were very good. They're solid and I've opened a few coronas with them. They are a tad bit big on my face and I am an average size male. I still rock them and love them.", 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'August 3, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AHJS3XJS2AQZ2FNPDUEGAT2BZ6PQ', 'reviewText': "Everything I was hoping for. Bought them to withstand the everyday life of firefighting in Iraq, and they didn't disappoint. Already got a few others wanting to order them. Best deal out there, by far. I won't be able to test the bottle openers till I'm out of country, but a little suspense never hurt anyone. 5 stars! Buy em!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 12, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'JVS', 'userURI': 'AH7I6CSSCDJ2XYC4SGBXVZXVOT4Q', 'reviewText': 'Love the glasses. They are stylish and feel indestructible. Would def buy again.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 13, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Leslie', 'userURI': 'AFQFV2YVDINRSVKCKD52YKA5NB6Q', 'reviewText': 'Bottle openers really work. Sturdy, style looks good on anyone. Stays on pretty well on my Filipino nose.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 27, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Brian', 'userURI': 'AHUDOH75IGCYNWDO6AY3OAWMNUVA', 'reviewText': 'I ordered these and they came with a small defect. William Painter was quick to resolve the issue and get me a replacement. They have great products and service.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 1, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Sean', 'userURI': 'AE2SQNY2OGGFF3RDZB3K45TBMK4Q', 'reviewText': 'Definetly worth the money, these sunglasses are amazing, I wear them everyday, I have had no problem, durable, great for party people like me!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 9, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'karambir', 'userURI': 'AEY2XUFZ7RT7HANKPBMPQ4OTXXAQ', 'reviewText': "Love these glasses. They hug your head really well and feel very sturdy. I've used the bottle opener function and it works great.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 31, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Angela Urrutia', 'userURI': 'AHA5PMT3G4WMGCGDVEZOP5SYHJBA', 'reviewText': "Purchased these for my husband and was happily surprised when he really liked them. He hasn't ever worn sun glasses a lot but always asks for these and wants to make sure we have them when we go places. They fit his head nicely and look sleek and classy.", 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'July 24, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'adam masonbrink', 'userURI': 'AEEDYNU6H33TGL354537WQTWTL5Q', 'reviewText': "Awesome glasses! Built super strong - I'm pretty rough on consumer products and I feel like these will hold up to my damaging use patterns. A little heavier than I would expect for titanium, but not so much that you notice. Lenses are on the darker side of the spectrum, but again, no real complaints there.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 5, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Sgt. Zebrolov', 'userURI': 'AF24OZYFVNPUULBRIGKHBVASNIRQ', 'reviewText': "These glasses put any  Ray-Bans to shame, as these cost the same amount! These glasses are made of solid titanium and have handy bottle openers on each leg for when the party gets ramped up and everyone has lost their openers! You can be the savior of the party and literally the life of the party! These glasses have great lenses and very sturdy hinges. Ray-Ban has titanium glasses, but they are wimpy, thin wire-like framed glasses compared to these durable thicker framed glasses. They are well balanced and don't weigh on your ears or nose", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 12, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Alex Rocheleau', 'userURI': 'AE5PTQ33TC33UA2C2FL7YPQPK35A', 'reviewText': "Solid build, great feel to them. Customer service and warranty is fantastic; shout out to my man Jeff at WP, dude is an absolute legend. Titanium bottle openers on the frames make it easy to get the tops off of your bottles and your friends, no doubt you'll be the life of the party. Worth the money for sure.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 14, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'RS2011', 'userURI': 'AFGMK7TMWSFQBH2Y3XGKQCND42EQ', 'reviewText': 'Very happy with these sunglasses. They are comfortable and stylish and seem very durable. Have used to open a few bottles with no issues.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'November 17, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AF5KJ2VKMBZXUUPC6ADREPBAS2NQ', 'reviewText': "Excellent! Fast post too!Lifetime gauruntee can't go wrong. Are everything they say they are so far!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 6, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'anthony lapaglia', 'userURI': 'AG6XCYY4NQXLK25AGZKFET7QJ3CA', 'reviewText': 'Love these. Great sun glasses , especially the price point. Highly recommend. Good quality. Great style.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 16, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'ftpcoffee', 'userURI': 'AFBY5NJWQTOCMP4IWRFGRTKIVVJQ', 'reviewText': "Great solid pair of glasses.  Everyone I've handed them to is afraid to use them to open a bottle because they look so nice, but once you get a feel of the solid frame you won't have any second thoughts.  Functional and look great as well", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 3, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Bobby Z', 'userURI': 'AFWF2YVJ4ZW3DSUIKNPZMWK5BFNQ', 'reviewText': 'Only the arms are titanium. They feel expensive (build quality). Would recommend for purchase.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'February 23, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Shayne Wilcox', 'userURI': 'AGVAJEOKKDNRGWIP7FDUU37NRDTQ', 'reviewText': "These glasses are great and well made. They are just a bit heavier than your average plastic glasses which is to be expected. I've tried the bottle opener out at home and it works well. Can't wait to try them out at the beach, I always seem to forget a bottle opener but that won't be happening anymore!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 15, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Trent Evans', 'userURI': 'AEKJOOIABYPWVLUYPNT7CNG4M4CA', 'reviewText': "Have had these for a couple of weeks now. They are solid but yet lightweight. The quality of the optics is great. Haven't had an opportunity yet to open bottles with them. A corkscrew would be better for me as a wine drinker, but I guess you can't have it all. Add that along with some front-shooting pepper spray guns and aluminum foil lining to protect me from alien scanning and you'll get six stars. These are great so far and I just pray to the flying spaghetti monster that I don't lose them.Update (May 23, 2015) - I had a jar lid that was stuck.  I've never been unable to open a jar in my life, but this one would not budge.  A quick internet search uncovered a suggestion to use a bottle opener to help break the vacuum seal.  Being on vacation and without a bottle opener, I immediately thought of my new titanium sunglasses.  With zero effort, they beat that jar into submission like the bitch it was.  Thank you William Painter.  This salsa is pure polarized deliciousness.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 15, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'daghouse', 'userURI': 'AHODUHASFGXERQXURAZU7Z42OWVQ', 'reviewText': "This set wears very well. The balance is excellent. Haven't used the bottle openers yet, but it feels sturdy as hell in general, so I'd have no hesitation.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 17, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Douglas', 'userURI': 'AHSGXK7ULLLHFJSRA6CG2R3QHGQQ', 'reviewText': 'Sturdy weight, not to dark. Great for driving. Easy to shape the arms to your face.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 10, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AEPDFIPRPRI5SBWNYUY7FPQZINCA', 'reviewText': "I love this company not only because of they're sunglasses, but their customer service is amazing. Matt helped me out within an hour of me reaching out to him. Great products, great people.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 14, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AF533AOJQPJ337YKEOEHBOIE35AQ', 'reviewText': 'I bought these for my husband for Christmas and he loves them!! He thought it was a very nice touch with the bottle opener on the ear pieces. Thank you so much! Vanessa', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 11, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Robert Leonard', 'userURI': 'AHXJCIXDPTDPX5Q7HWMRS6P765XQ', 'reviewText': 'Great fit. slightly heavier than normal sunglasses, barely noticable.Great at opening bottles. Exceeds expectations.Comes with sturdy, hard case and cleaning cloth.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 13, 2013', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Steve Stilwell', 'userURI': 'AFVP7GYQWUD5G6TOH6RUWAM2Z36Q', 'reviewText': 'I bought these sunglasses a few weeks ago now and am able to report they are my favorite glasses!  Very well made and they look great.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 9, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Scott', 'userURI': 'AEMJZOUBGMH3Y3OAK4CWLOOP2JYQ', 'reviewText': "Nothing else out there like these. The polarized lenses are awesome, the titanium doesn't get hot even when out in the sun for long periods of time and they are weighted perfectly.I own a lot of sunglasses, but wear these over all of them.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 7, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AE55SSDG32L2H7HHXKNI7GDPHYPQ', 'reviewText': 'Awesome glasses, great polarization,  took them out on the lake for wake boarding, no glare worked great. Also works well for opening beer bottles.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 8, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Nick H', 'userURI': 'AHF7VY2PPRJEA6FFP7EZV3VK7BHQ', 'reviewText': 'Frames seem very strong. Works as described', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 1, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Andrewtherichardson', 'userURI': 'AEJNN42T2MUBLG3WDR7B3BKLTJBA', 'reviewText': 'Amazing glasses. Came exactly as described and still managed to blow me away. Definitely worth the buy.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'February 23, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jonathan Stein', 'userURI': 'AE2S6BYZTUL7V3A7LGCXZCEXAH2A', 'reviewText': 'How can you go wrong? These were easily the best sunglasses I have ever owned! Truly great quality for a great price! They even survived Burning Man...AND NOTHING SURVIVES BURNING MAN', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 9, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AFSVB5EYMK7IS2IKXGR3ZB4LKX5Q', 'reviewText': 'I bought these for my husband.  He loves them. Excellent quality!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 4, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Brian C Smith', 'userURI': 'AFJJQB3UT74VLGIWKIZPOVCAGUJA', 'reviewText': 'I purchased them as a gift for a close friend/drinking buddy. He lovesthem, they are his glasses of choice year round.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 20, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Stratton Hrncir', 'userURI': 'AFGR4KGUHXTZV2HIIKD7US623LHQ', 'reviewText': "Am very pleased with these glasses!  They're better bottle openers than I expected from a pair of sunglasses, and they're surprisingly comfortable.  I'd definitely order them again.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 26, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Joseph Samuels', 'userURI': 'AGOYQ6SHGBH3MLETP234OPUITSGA', 'reviewText': 'These are my favorite pair of sunglasses.  Indestructible, great lenses, the bottle opener is awesome, and the customer service from William Painter excellent.  Highly recommend.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 12, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Tapio Kivi-Mannila', 'userURI': 'AGOKPZTSN4OBABKJ4LZEFFCOE5ZQ', 'reviewText': "They are great. Feels very solid, great fitting, really comfortable to use + open beers, which is pretty cool. Have opened already dozens of bottles and the black colour hasn't worn out.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 2, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'jessica upchurch', 'userURI': 'AFGKM2XTOL44ACIG4CVZFDPYLGPQ', 'reviewText': "I purchased these for my boyfriend's birthday and he loves them! They are super light weight and feel so sturdy. I would definitely recommend them!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 30, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Salem', 'userURI': 'AHJGZO5E7GRTAV74XGSBRTOOCZJA', 'reviewText': 'I received on time, and it looks great; the frame quality and lens look are simply gorgeous. Advisable for those who are looking for beautiful glasses.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 7, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Richard Bengel', 'userURI': 'AFGRX67NEH6Z5F5IGDJF7PWWSOGQ', 'reviewText': 'These are easily the best sunglasses I have ever put on my face.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 14, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AER5X7KIBTW323JVWUZKU4USXMTQ', 'reviewText': 'Great glasses, very sturdy and fit most heads. 4/5 because the William Painter logo on the inside of the left (?) leg smudged over to the right after some use.', 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'December 30, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Fenwick N.', 'userURI': 'AGBP3QEXENJ5CQ3QXRD5IXCX4Y7A', 'reviewText': 'Glasses are comfortable and look great.  Many people have stopped me to say they like them.  The bottle opener feature is very cool and works well.  Very happy so far!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 8, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Gigispot', 'userURI': 'AEDZCJAVLSFWKZZGRD4G5GEYQPOA', 'reviewText': 'love them :).  stylish and durable.  and who can argue with a built-in bottle opener? ;)', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 7, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Stephanie Fernung', 'userURI': 'AEQHNBLPJHGWTZIQRKCEYVR6E6DA', 'reviewText': 'Super comfy and durable. Stays on your face and does not slip or slide off', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 21, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Giorgio Montenegro', 'userURI': 'AHFBRIUXAIE6HOHPI6EXNZ22244A', 'reviewText': 'Best pair of sunglasses ive owned, customer service is amazing also, 10/10 would recommend.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 2, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'joseph kyle malmay', 'userURI': 'AGKEUSQKZYXKXWVM3Z53YKIBGHUA', 'reviewText': 'I ordered this sunglasses a week before going on a cruise to Mexico in hopes that they work make it in time. I received them in four days!! Great product. I would have paid more.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 11, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AFDWV65XROMRENBTREOU6F45ECVQ', 'reviewText': "Great shades!! So good I bought another pair for my wife and she loves them! Haven't tried the bottle opener part because I like them to much !!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 10, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Nicholas F.', 'userURI': 'AFRJLKX3AHEN7Z7TJSV73QDIZU4Q', 'reviewText': 'I love these glasses! They are sturdy, fit the face well, and most importantly the bottle opener works great! Highly recommend!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 7, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AHPIXGR2VL7PX5TDOPJ44NHOAAYQ', 'reviewText': "Best sunglasses I've ever owned!!!!  Great investment, especially since it costs less to replace stolen/lost pairs.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 27, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Earl Johns', 'userURI': 'AGPQOUN57ZDHYVD3ODFYFOSVJUXQ', 'reviewText': "These were a great purchase and I am in love with the quality. However, it is pricey but the lifetime guarantee is impeccable. It's worth the price in that these are the best sunglasses I've ever had in my life.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 23, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Devin', 'userURI': 'AE4YM7UTECD2SWNUXG3MYV3X34AA', 'reviewText': 'These Sunglasses are exceptional! Just what I was looking for and more. They are solid and fit perfectly just as advertised.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 19, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AFQIWUVBFB2NOLG5NSZDZ44K5WZQ', 'reviewText': "Good quality product, however, it does not protect you fully from the sun's rays when it directly hits you. I would have to squint or look the other way. Otherwise, the frame is great.", 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'December 29, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Randy', 'userURI': 'AF4P5QNUC6JJT3W6O72ENONVKX3Q', 'reviewText': 'These glasses are amazing. Build quality is top notch. They feel great and the clarity from the lenses is outstanding. Highly recommend.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 3, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Rishi Mehta', 'userURI': 'AG6SZXKJ5PU6VEYZWPXFPSPXIIGA', 'reviewText': 'Great sunglasses, AMAZING customer service! This company knows how to take care of its customers, and these shades are worth every penny.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 6, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'DW', 'userURI': 'AEAOJOAKNO5LSZZMMFCSAVD7D7IA', 'reviewText': 'Was debating on these or the ray bans "justin" I\'m glad I got these.. best sin glasses ever.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 17, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'klapka', 'userURI': 'AE3OKGG2X6ZEPWEPFNJJD4TGGUKQ', 'reviewText': 'I have a big head so they fit tight and after a few hours of wearing them, the hurt slightly. However they lossen up over time. Great sunglasses!!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'November 2, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jason', 'userURI': 'AE3EUEAHUGEI3AGK6NUWYZN7OYSQ', 'reviewText': 'Pros: Amazingly sturdy, very stylish, well packaged and worth the price.Cons: A bit too big for my narrow face so they look a bit bulky.', 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'May 30, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Abbey adams', 'userURI': 'AHH2IJESPBPGXVBKSBN3LTRE6N7A', 'reviewText': 'These Glasses are amazing. Very high quality and better than the raybans that i have previously owned and cheaper when compared to the ones with polarized lenses', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 28, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Ilya L Soroka', 'userURI': 'AHVAVHY5A7NP4Z4ZAL4JQMHJYBFQ', 'reviewText': 'I have had these for almost a year and I love them.  They are light, durable and look fantastic.  Good quality.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 17, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AGTSIYNM7NWPS5FSN4VL2KXJXOYA', 'reviewText': 'My new pair of sunglasses! Extremely happy with them. They are comfortable and a perfect fit.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 3, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Alli', 'userURI': 'AHAUHEEGAJHJWKAOS5QZJHIHD2SQ', 'reviewText': 'My dad loved these sunglasses! I did see they ended up dropping price significantly after I purchased prior to Xmas but other than that a big hit!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 3, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'John Stevenson', 'userURI': 'AFBFUZCU2RBRJW7RFNVLVTKG4NBQ', 'reviewText': 'Great glasses. Buy these.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 1, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jessica', 'userURI': 'AH5DLYFIH7JOQGMLXTA6NRCADOZQ', 'reviewText': 'These sunglass were the perfect Birthday gift for my Husband! Not only did he love them but he got so many compliments. These are definitely worth the money!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 7, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AE7LGJRCUU4RLHUIBYHUKBNGOF6A', 'reviewText': "I've been loving my shades since day oneThe build quality is simply amazing no more broken glassesI bought another pair for my brother he loves them as well", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 12, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Tammy Sells', 'userURI': 'AFO2T3PUG2Q2FFPLTJIVSPFKJ26Q', 'reviewText': 'My son loves the glasses.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 24, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AGCRH55YPM53XGY4BMTLJZKROUUQ', 'reviewText': 'These glasses are awesome! Very sturdy and comfortable!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 13, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Mark Geletka', 'userURI': 'AFVZ2MW6NXASDVSMSNFYWXRTN35Q', 'reviewText': "Great design and build, you can tell they are durable. Also, the lenses are easy to clean, which isn't the case with my Costas. With a titanium frame, how could you go wrong?", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 31, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Penelope S. Davenport', 'userURI': 'AGR47MCGP7GRQINYHRVTKB4FAZQQ', 'reviewText': "My son just opened them. Got them for Christmas. He loves them. As not heavy. Doesn't slide down his nose. Looks great on him!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 27, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'David M', 'userURI': 'AHGC2E5FN5II6HD3W7IYWC2RGV3Q', 'reviewText': 'Solid, great lenses, and look great. Unlike most sunglasses unlikely to break all the time. Bottle opener is classy touch for summer.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'November 3, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Vinnie Levine', 'userURI': 'AEVV6WMPATIDFANBVUZBHDBCONGQ', 'reviewText': 'These glasses are awesome! Not only do they have a great & stylish look to them, but they feel indestructible. The frames are very well built and they are not too bulky. Great product, that have gotten many compliments so far!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 17, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AH55FJMC7BBJYOUWAYULTJAYG2ZQ', 'reviewText': 'Love these - super light and look great on! The bottle opener is a bonus.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 18, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Sean Carlblom', 'userURI': 'AE5K7VSN2IJPY373DIBGMAUCCHEA', 'reviewText': 'Digging them. Once I removed the little vinyl graphic on the lens, they look the part of warfarers and function better too.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'November 5, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Steven Nguyen', 'userURI': 'AGJYN46ICHYCTRPQUTHCBWARGFLA', 'reviewText': "Solid sunglasses that almost feel unbreakable. Opened bottles at the Lake with them all weekend and not a scratch. Heavy, but fit properly on my face so I don't feel them at all. Definitely worth the $145.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 9, 2013', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'N Stackland Winterer', 'userURI': 'AHPZ53BLSJV5OGX6VALHMQLKGWJQ', 'reviewText': "I've had these since the spring and they've held up amazingly well and all my friends love them. Best sunglasses I've ever bought...", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 13, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AFGVA4NOJHILOVEQISTHAOBSE7RA', 'reviewText': 'Great sunglasses! Nice and sturdy. Comes in a beautiful case. Uniquely designed. Worth every penny.  Love them.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 9, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Charles Mikhail', 'userURI': 'AFSYINLPJTJ2UPOS54NAO4HC24NQ', 'reviewText': "light, durable, and bold. First of all, it's titanium. Second it's backed up with a craft and name that are just timeless!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 25, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'IslandMom', 'userURI': 'AFN7XS2CDFOR7IKUNQCFLP2IUVJA', 'reviewText': 'These are okay for a non polarized lens. The frames are sturdy and lenses are clear.  They are lightweight and fit well, stretching to your face, even if you have a wide head.  The bottle opener works ok, not that they have been tried on beer bottles yet.  Coke bottles were a bit difficult to open. They come with a nice hard case that is durable with a cleaning cloth included.', 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'January 28, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Colin Allen', 'userURI': 'AESANOFZWGFB4XSRFRN2E2MX2CAA', 'reviewText': "Great pair of glasses.  Can't wait for wraparound version for cycling.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 16, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AG4SHNWXI2ECGC5O3NNFZMWPVO2A', 'reviewText': 'Great pair of classes, amazing lenses and a bonus bottle opener.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 14, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'FatBoy SD', 'userURI': 'AGXZHOMEYTBZP2JIDL2HZFFWFWEQ', 'reviewText': "These are the real shirt!!! Titanium!!!!  forget the kool factor the fit like a glove and yes I d ride with them  on and block wind sufficiently enuff  to comfortable for me now I ride with just half a brain bucket. If your in doubt cross it out you will love these and they open beer bottles don't let them out of your hand less you got them tethered to your wrist everyone wants mm BUT THESE R MINE!!! '", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 3, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'jesus', 'userURI': 'AHGR3QSA3GNOEPPCDIMIDSS6JXAA', 'reviewText': 'I love these sunglasses', 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'December 4, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Paul J.', 'userURI': 'AHWWCDC3NMK7LKM43F2BRPNF3HXQ', 'reviewText': 'Light weight, fits great- polarized lenses are a big help', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 4, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jerry D King', 'userURI': 'AF4F5QJEMW2XM3CH7N5246O5QATQ', 'reviewText': 'I really enjoy these glasses just wished I could read with them', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 20, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Christopher Blackmon', 'userURI': 'AE3K2JSS7RTKMXXFWW3TJPY4RLGA', 'reviewText': "These are made with amazing quality and I'm so happyBest I ownAnd on top of that the customer service is the best that I have ever dealt with!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 10, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Mellor Family', 'userURI': 'AGMJQCEOMS6BODF7QFRLCAP2I7SA', 'reviewText': 'I picked these up for $99 when Amazon had a Flash Sale and I still have buyers remorse because of a couple important reasons:I posted to the community before the Flash Sale whether or not they would have a similar fit to a couple different frames I have worn from Oakley or Ray-Ban.  They gave me a one-word response and said, “Yes” when asking whether or not they would fit similar to a pair that I didn’t like from those other manufactures or whether or not they would fit like pairs that I did like as far as comfort is concerned.They have an email address that comes inside the box that welcomes you to the William Painter community and that is such a joke! It takes roughly 3 to 4 weeks for them to respond back to each email you send them. The disabling your ability to return them Amazon when they do not work for you.The comfort issues are that they squeeze your head and fit similar to a Ray-Ban Justin or Oakley Fuel Cell  and pinch the side of your head behind your ears. It feels like your head is in a weak vice.  Also if the sunlight is behind the lens it reflects the light back to your eyeballs so there is a safety concern that it could cause damage to your eyesight as well.I would only recommend them to a friend if they had a teeny tiny head And enjoyed stupidly bad customer service from the manufacture.', 'stars': '1', 'postDate': 'November 18, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'James A. Clifford', 'userURI': 'AGOJQJAJTEJ6BBBKCFBLJ2ELCZLA', 'reviewText': "Awesome sun glasses. Since buying these my life has changed dramatically. Not only can I open any beer at any time and still look cool doing it,  but I've noticed how many women want me and guys want to be me.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 29, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'David Duran', 'userURI': 'AHNARPWRNTBDCTSBWMCA5VTVGVDQ', 'reviewText': 'Extremely durable shades they are absolute comfort. Had various compliments so do recommend this product.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 20, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Kyle Symoniak', 'userURI': 'AHH2SSYHZLNLAOJRFDJZRHX3KSYQ', 'reviewText': "We own two pair. They're as advertised, great shades.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'February 27, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'MR', 'userURI': 'AEH7RFZYAX23WF7FZW7PXKADV4RA', 'reviewText': 'Love these sunglasses, definitely utility and function rolled into a single pair.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 29, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AEIYRWHKHKUDUGECBYRRJWNLO5PQ', 'reviewText': 'Great sturdy lightweight and sleek glasses. Buy these now !', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 15, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Reynaldo Martinez', 'userURI': 'AHWVL2S6ADQCASQDIUKDG7FC7BYQ', 'reviewText': 'The glasses have been exceptional! Very happy with the purchase.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 29, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Avnish B.', 'userURI': 'AEEL4RWQ6JXFXD5WK4VMAB6ECFKA', 'reviewText': 'The product, when it arrived was exactly as described- beautiful and well designed. Unfortunately, there were issues with the lens. I was contacted by the WP team to ask about how I was liking the glasses. Upon telling my issue, they assured me that I should ask for an exchange. Since I bought it on black friday and due to certain regulations, Amazon was not able to exchange it. When I conveyed my concern to the WP team, they asked me to return it and re-order it and any extra payment on the glasses would be refunded by them. I did the same and the new pair is flawless and true to their word, the extra amount was refunded by them. My review is mostly based on the courteous service that the WP team provided and in other part about my love for these new glasses. Thank you!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 23, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Alyssa bilyeu', 'userURI': 'AGZ67YBT7CLG76M753Y4U4TBU4MQ', 'reviewText': 'Husband loved them!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'February 29, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Eric Quintanilla', 'userURI': 'AGMOQSMSADV3FIBXUQXQKQ5AXJ7A', 'reviewText': 'I love them. Customer service is great.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 7, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Aidan Forsyth', 'userURI': 'AEG2YAEGLTT5AJ6OCKZWYZ5PDSBA', 'reviewText': "These glasses are incredible. Long gone are the days spent worrying about stepping on a pair of cheaply made Ray Bans or (insert other plastic sunglasses here).These sunglasses are polarized (great for fishing), titanium (great for durability and strength), have a bottle opener, and are stylish.There's nothing more to ask for in a pair of glasses.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 27, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'eddie schutte', 'userURI': 'AE4SMP6UH3HO4CRDJDWAKF2TXNZQ', 'reviewText': 'LITTLE HEAVY BUT GOOD CLARITY AND WELL MADE', 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'May 8, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'kmheer', 'userURI': 'AE7LRDNKE743OHPZMMKP4KNRUN2Q', 'reviewText': "Very nice glasses it's rugged and fits well on my small face and it's look as any 350 $ glasses and better, I'm from Egypt and living in saudia Arabia it's very nice due to hard sun here", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 30, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Michael DiFilippo', 'userURI': 'AFTVJX2NZ5MGCT3D54DCKMX6NN5A', 'reviewText': 'I purchased them for their durability, which is holding up to my expectations very nicely. The frames are not big, they\'re average in size but cover your eyes completely. The lenses are "see-through" not dark and don\'t reflect direct sunlight. The hinges and legs are sturdy and can be tight around the ears, leading to some soreness if worn too long over time. Despite the negatives, the truth is I can\'t wait to wear them each day!Luxury/Designer sunglasses are not for everyone. If you are looking for life-time durability then you won\'t be disappointed.', 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'June 23, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Thatryaniguy', 'userURI': 'AGRMZ5JGIZ7PFYUT2N4YFYO56ZNQ', 'reviewText': "Really like these so far. Unfortuantley we don't get enough sun in our area this time of year (in Michigan during the winter), but so far so good! They are a lot heavier than I'm used to, but solidly constructed for sure. Hopefully they live up to their promise for durability.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 11, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'John L. Boyer Jr.', 'userURI': 'AEQFCVZMFGXBMXCWUQE5V75ERJFA', 'reviewText': "I returned these because I didn't like the feel of them. It's a good idea though and I can see it working out good for some.", 'stars': '2', 'postDate': 'March 10, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Nicholas Lelos', 'userURI': 'AHYUQ34IK5Y4R2MC43DCXWIKJZXQ', 'reviewText': "I'm into hardcore travelling in different environments, from urban cityscapes to hiking and exploring the wilderness. Took these glasses with me currently anywhere I could, frok the beach to the mountains and so far they have been gold. The weight is excellent and reassuring, the scratch-resistance is spot on as I don't usually carry the case with me anyway. As far as the quality of the lens goes, it is superb. The price us well worth the investment. And of course you can crack your beet/soft drink bottle at any time, anywhere, from a house party to a bus or the beach.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'February 12, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Brandon', 'userURI': 'AFLVLG5IRSHF5PKY4IQJ42UY5MVQ', 'reviewText': "The cost pays for the product it's great so far and I like them already so much I don't care they are not Ray Bans.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 13, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Devin Ross', 'userURI': 'AGZYT2YRORUDIAHHLDWAYSPEWMTA', 'reviewText': "What can i say... the best pair of glasses I've ever owned.  I cant rave enough about these glasses.  In fact thats the only issue that I've had with them.  While in Germany I was talking them up to my cousin so much that he wanted them.  I ended up giving him my pair and buying a new one.  The fact that you are spending time reading reviews is dumb... these things are so awesome that you should stop reading any more reviews and buy.  Don't waste you're time on reading about these and start enjoying!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 19, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Frank W.', 'userURI': 'AHOYNUOMBBL3I245JY3FMUUYNS3Q', 'reviewText': 'At first they worked great but as time went on you will realize the bad quality of materials used to make these sunglasses. I bought these in March and 5 months later they gave way to normal wear. I dropped them maybe 3 feet and the frame broke in half from impact right at the nose. Quality sunglasses should not break from that kind of drop.', 'stars': '1', 'postDate': 'August 9, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'ericatx', 'userURI': 'AHD4YV7CN3CZV2PHJX2YNEBTHAMA', 'reviewText': "Read the questions asked by other customers before purchasing. The glasses are heavier than normal so, they do not rest on top of the head very well and become uncomfortable quickly in that position. I personally didn't care for the darker tint of the lens along in combination of the polarized, an option of the tint with polarization would have been nice. I have several pairs of Oakley's (all polarized) which I prefer over these. Still a nice pair of glasses, just not for me. Never received there extra 10% refund. I'm not sure how the rest of the promises made in the sales pitch would be honored since this wasn't honored. Combine that issue with the weight and the discomfort during extended wear and price point; I stand by the rating I have given this product.", 'stars': '2', 'postDate': 'October 13, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Nick', 'userURI': 'AFJMZTZ74UBA2K6RPH46NVHYEUUQ', 'reviewText': 'The glasses are solid. They do have a small decal in the upper corner that is not shown in the picture. However, the case that it comes with was defective. The felt on the interior is peeling away from the leather edges. The case is unusable', 'stars': '3', 'postDate': 'June 11, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jeff James', 'userURI': 'AF7TI4ALAYEHJ64OKZOB3YNQF5AA', 'reviewText': "A few chips in the paint from crossing the hook style feature (who cares i'm not a diva). Fits very well on my face and the backwards weighted arms make it so I don't have to worry about turning around while boating or sweating my ass off and trying to get a fish in a net leaning over the boat because they are snug yet completely comfortable. Style gets 5 stars and only reason I gave it 4 was because the lenses ARE GREAT but Maui Jim will always reign supreme when it comes to actual optics.", 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'August 11, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AGFGN3K35F5UGXTALZBPXQHLWIXQ', 'reviewText': 'These glasses are great.  I purchased 2 pair as gifts because I wanted to spread word.  Great pair of shades, cool to the touch, the cherry on top,  bottle opener.  First top', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 25, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AFSLPAJU7TIMZ6POJXNRSNJRZYLQ', 'reviewText': 'Great pair of sunglasses! They are a bit heavier than your average pair of plastic glasses, so they take a little getting used to. But being made of titanium, that is to be expected. The glasses are also a little snug on the head as well, but nothing too terrible. Overall, very satisfied.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'November 4, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'RockstarBruski', 'userURI': 'AH4VIKFB57HCUJBIIM5FWLIBCL2A', 'reviewText': 'Alright.I ordered these sunglasses after a fruitless effort to find durable and long lasting glasses that I can hold onto for the rest of my life. Sadly, these aren\'t them.While the pair of sunglasses itself is no doubt durable, it has its flaws. The choice to make the glasses out of titanium, while lending to its durability, has one major drawback: The glasses heat up to ridiculous temperatures when not wearing them.I found out this the hard way when, after leaving my sunglasses on the dash of my car, I put it on only to have them sear the tops of my ears and the bridge of my nose. This was a rather unpleasant experience as you might imagine. I can see this being a major issue at the beach when I usually take my sunglasses off to go into the water, however it\'s a problem that is easily solved by keeping it in the case when not in use.The second problem I have is the migraines these glasses cause when on my head. I have an average sized head and wear a Men\'s Medium hat, however this pair of glasses "presses" uncomfortably into my head when wearing them and causes me to become nauseous and experience great pain.Lastly, the "scratch proof" military grade coating is worthless. I have never dropped the glasses yet scratches have appeared from normal use above the bottle opener (Which I have yet to use).I wanted so much for this pair of glasses to be the pair I could keep for the rest of my life, but it simply wont work because of the $185 price tag and the symptoms i\'m having just from wearing them. An $85 rebate and I might consider getting them professionally readjusted just to ease the pain.In all honesty, at $185 you should be receiving 2 pairs of this truly "novelty" item.Photo Guide:Photo 1: Confirms glasses were manufactured in China.Photo 2: Highlights scratches or "rub marks" on the frame (They are above the spot reflecting sunlight).', 'stars': '3', 'postDate': 'July 14, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Seth H.', 'userURI': 'AHI2K3DOFS5J53HP4CM2KVIZ3H5Q', 'reviewText': 'Just got them today. Haven\'t worn them out yet but just a few things right from the get go is they feel as high quality as they are described. I am only disappointed so far to see that are Made in China (designed in USA) and the frame around the lenses is not titanium, only the "arms" or whatever you want to call them. If these were made in USA and the whole thing was aerospace titanium then i would have rated 5/5 because that would truely make them perfect.Update: I have been wearing these about everyday since April and they are the best purchase I\'ve made in a while. People look at me and ask me what they are all the time. They are blown away by the bottle openers and I demonstrate them often. The bottle opener features works wonders with no damage to the sunglasses (make sure you only put pressure on the arms not the frame). The "temperature resistant" coating does nothing. They sit in my car, out of direct sunlight, and are burning hot. There have been a few chilly mornings, same thing, super cold. The lenses have not scracted and neither has black coating. These sunglasses are highly durable and despite the semi-false advertising of the features, I have yet to find a flaw.8/10', 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'April 17, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'adam witt', 'userURI': 'AFXTKFLSWCK4JE2TTNEUDZM2TQOQ', 'reviewText': "Seriously the best sunglasses I've ever owned. Polarized lens, Nice and heavy frame! Opens bottles as well as any bottle opener. A cut above the rest. I plan on getting more as gifts for friends. Seriously they don't disappoint.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 20, 2014', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AH3ZC57X5QYDIAOYTFPONJJPVLWA', 'reviewText': 'Love my sunnies, firstly the order was shipped timely which i appreciated and secondly these arenl the most durable and indestructible sunnies ever, usually mine are scratched and or broken by now not these...the Wolverine of sunnies.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 21, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jim D.', 'userURI': 'AEOPN2IZ6KIBZWFQVMATV34CO2YQ', 'reviewText': 'Purchased these as a Christmas gift for my son.  He loves them.  The sunglasses are made extremely well and fit great.  His favorite gift this past Christmas.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 7, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'LJ', 'userURI': 'AGB2ZE5XW6O4YACPZNO3FTDOASYA', 'reviewText': '\xa0Well built sunglasses', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 17, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jessie Michelle', 'userURI': 'AG3W72Z4S2A3HWYKJ4IFLLMSG3TQ', 'reviewText': "Love these sunglasses!!!! My husband purchased me and all of his groomsmen William Painter sunglasses for our wedding last summer. He also was able to get them engraved with everyone's initials and my new initials through William Painter! The sunglasses are so well made that they not only made it through the wedding and after party but I still have them today!! These glasss look amazing on both male and female faces and they are very stylish! Def worth the money!! Thank you William Painter! I can't wait for more styles! These sunglasses rock!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 20, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Vinnie Laspina', 'userURI': 'AH762YZ6G7GW7NCEMPZMBNG4HNDQ', 'reviewText': "Best and ONLY sunglasses I'll ever buy/wear", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 17, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'TJ McGubby', 'userURI': 'AGNDZDADDBAKDECGB5TQD53KLMBQ', 'reviewText': "Bought these as a bday gift for myself after doing as much research as I could.  I carefully read reviews, researched double hinged glasses, titanium, and even Googled nylon polarized lenses.  Normally, I don't spring for shades more than 2 for $20.  I live by the beach, frequent backyard barbecues, and go through glasses like bottle caps-- plus bottle openers on sandals are not sexy!  These glasses have it all from the lenses to the looks and they're great at striking up a conversation.  I'm so glad I Hooked myself up!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 29, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Mark C', 'userURI': 'AFPONF3G2EFII5XES6NYSDUCDZ4Q', 'reviewText': 'Great sunglasses. I can stare at the sun all day. And I do.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'November 13, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'DuramaximumEffort', 'userURI': 'AGFLX6CRCOUYU3WJ76YV6UCICUCQ', 'reviewText': 'Made in china', 'stars': '3', 'postDate': 'June 20, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'David JB', 'userURI': 'AFYUSE4K4ZOQH4AHRNOZ5D6ICXQA', 'reviewText': "These shades are very cool style and quite sturdy. Bottle opener is an interesting gimmick and it works surprisingly well... but I've had these for less than a week and they are already scratched. I'm giving two stars because I would expect a product that claims to be so robust and scratch-resistant to last longer than a week. I'm exchanging for another pair because I'd like to give the seller another shot since they offer such generous customer service. I plan on updating this review when the new pair comes in. Thanks for reading.", 'stars': '2', 'postDate': 'August 22, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Tinfoot', 'userURI': 'AHTDCKFAT7C4LNL7N7WVYXEVGOOA', 'reviewText': '\xa0I weighed them at 1.80 ounces, well balanced from tip to bridge. Being the first pure titanium body glasses I have ever owned, I have to remark on the remarkable ability to remain cool to the skin even after being left out in direct sunlight.  The polarization is pretty effective yet not super dark - I can see quite clearly indoors with them, even in very low lighting levels.  Both a family member and I have distinctly noticed that our vision acuity improved with these on.The Hooks don\'t come into contact with the side of the head, the arms being slightly bowed out.  Nor does the small logo in the upper right eye lens come into view.Between the solid quality of build, the sleekly attractive packaging, openly affordable price points, and the very earnest Customer Satisfaction policy, I will say William Painter is THE up-and-coming brand geared for major market share acquisition amidst the "Big Brands".- Complimentary product provided for evaluation, yet my thinking here reflects all my personal purchasing decision processes, and hopefully may help clarify if this best meets your own needs and expectations.  I can personally attest that the same family member will be buying her own pair once she realizes I am NOT giving these puppies up.  ;)', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'November 30, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Gilven', 'userURI': 'AHDTJWXNOJIOO6ZO3WC3R54TFUBA', 'reviewText': "quite expensive, and that's an turndown for me knowing the glasses is getting cheaper,They dont cover the eyebrow, i look quite weird..made in china", 'stars': '3', 'postDate': 'August 10, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Everett Spencer', 'userURI': 'AGUWI7HQNWIZ7UBDPY7A224AO2KA', 'reviewText': "I was a big fan of this design for a while. My freshman year of college I got Oakley Holbrook sunglasses which are similar in style to there. They were really cool, really light weight... and they snapped in half when I closed my zipper on them.Flash forward to this year when I got the William Painter sunglasses, theres no other way to put it, its a world of difference. These are metal, they're polarized, look really cool, have bottle openers built in, AND they come with a case. All for the same price of a pair of sunglasses from the Oakley store.I found out about them through San Diego Dynasty's Ryan Greenspan on social media and thought to look into them. The metal construction is great, I'm not afraid of damaging them. The lenses are great. I have a big head and they still fit comfortably enough, so no worries there either.For the price, and for what you get I don't know of anything better. You get better construction than other brands out there, you get awesome support from the company, and they look awesome on top of all of that. And as an added bonus you get to have a set of bottle openers with you whenever you may need them. I made sure they worked less than an hour after I got them. If you're looking for a great pair of sunglasses, then you're done looking because they're right here.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 11, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': '50fashionistas', 'userURI': 'AEUQGPUL724RK6IFGJAGVMQIP2SQ', 'reviewText': "I have a strange feeling I may be the only one providing an impartial review of this product. The other reviews seem to have a similar sentence structure and prose and seem overly enthusiastic in my Amazon experience. I'm sure a lot of these glasses were given out in exchange for reviews which is fine ...I just think that it should be disclosed in every single instance. There is also a lack of reviews on the web so here goes...I have had these glasses a few days now:CONS:-Quite expensive-Much heavier than you're typically glasses-Bottle opener gets snagged on shirt collar-Grease, oil, lotion, sunblock all seem to show more predominantly on these glasses than others I've used ( have regular skin type and from photo you can see the oil buildup --never had on other glasses.-It is also hard to wipe the lenses so it is free of smudges - might be a tradeoff for the material. I found that the microfiber was useless but a soft cotton t-shirt worked better (even in demo videos you can see blemishes on the lenses).-Made in China------------PROS:-Appear very solidly built and durable-Hinges seem to live up to description-Looking through the lens is nice quality - reference smudges aren't seen from this side of lens-Bottle opener works great-Case is nice and snug-Secure on the face (maybe even can be considered a tight fit on an average head)-Great warranty (yet to read the fine print anywhere or read any success stories  redeeming though)I will continue to test these glasses and compare them to the competition to see if they are truly superior. I will adjust my rating accordingly. Right now I am not too sure if they live up to the hype. I don't usually review things here but I wanted to provide a review that Amazon'ers can trust as authentic. These glasses are not perfect.Edit  - Changed my rating to four star. If it wasn't for the bottle opener I would keep these glasses.", 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'June 1, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Ysabel', 'userURI': 'AGBNCLV4F6K5DZ32L6EFL55UQ5KA', 'reviewText': "I saw this brand mentioned in a review of Ray Ban Wayfarers and was intrigued. Then I saw all the positive reviews and the references to great customer support. I took a chance and ordered them. I love them. The Ray Bans slipped off my nose--very frustrating. But these Painters fit right out of the box. They look cool, are strong as can be because of the titanium, and the company stands behind them. I must have spent $100 on crummy sunglasses over the last six months and kept kicking myself for not going for quality. Yes, they're expensive, but so are multiple pairs of useless sunglasses. I  have finally found something that looks great and and will last . My sunglasses quest is over. My son is going to be so jealous when he sees them. Try them.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 21, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jason Brinitzer', 'userURI': 'AHXUDPB4UP3IJYDCABTYH36SOYLQ', 'reviewText': 'Love these sunglasses! Not only have the bottle openers on the sides came in handy multiple times, you cant even see a scratch on them from the bottle caps. These are the best/toughest sunglasses I have had and would highly recommend them over raybans or any other wayfarer style. The customer service is also fantastic as i was sent a replacement pair which cam in the mail the next day when the silver piece on the front fell out.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 7, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Timothy J. King', 'userURI': 'AEKSWQB25L62Y6CWOSEQD4HCWIRA', 'reviewText': "\xa0Had the original pair, then the original WP's, and now the new & updated.  Couldn't make a better pair...they're pricey, but they're worth it.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 1, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Colin B.', 'userURI': 'AESWZEZSP7GFGMFC5NQY6QX6BNLA', 'reviewText': "As good as it gets! These guys really put a lot of hard work and thought into this design and its proven in every tiny detail.  High quality polarized GLASS lenses? Check. Strong Hinges? Check. Titanium arms? Check. Bottle openers that effortlessly remove those pesky caps keeping my from having fun? DOUBLE CHECK. I am very active at work; climbing, stooping, crawling, jumping and these things never slide around or fall off, yet they are so light and comfortable to wear. I have ditched all my other glasses into a drawer as these are the only pair of glasses that I will ever want or need! Well except for my back-up pair..... Which is the same pair! Watch out for these guys; they are bringing back the pride in quality and style while still being extremely affordable. Can' wait to see what's up their sleeves for the future. My eyes are grateful, thank you gentlemen!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 13, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AE7YBOFTC6PJUYDQKCF3URBQ24GA', 'reviewText': 'Purchased these glasses a month ago.  The glasses are great and feel very sturdy.  They became one of my favorites right out of the box.  My problem is that the hinge on the right arm became very loose almost right away and I am not able to tighten it with an eyeglass screwdriver enough.  I have heard great things about the customer service at William Painter and have contacted them about this issue.  Hopefully I can provide an update once I receive a response.Update: 8/16Revised to 5 stars. I was proactively contacted by customer service and issued a refund as well as a new pair. My experience with their customer service was outstanding.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 1, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'LuisTheBeast', 'userURI': 'AHRL2564FXQON7N44PX4NWNZFOIA', 'reviewText': "Pros:-the shades feel really sturdy on your face and when you hold them.-polarized (not quite sure the benefits but they look cool)-bottle opener x2-heavy (no pair of shades have ever given me this feeling.-they sit on my face nicelyCons:-expensiveI added some photos. I used 1 euro, 2 euro, and 1 quarter (Murica!) coins for a reference. I didn't have any measuring tools with me. Sorry. But it should give you an idea.Also, I bought these pair a few years ago. I recently lost them. I emailed the contact info and they answered right away. They gave me a great discount because they were able to see I've bought them from Amazon before. So if you lost your pair, just let them know. They keep to their word.So all in all, great pair of glasses.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 16, 2014', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Viral Goradia', 'userURI': 'AE4CTVTRXEBLPUOJDMJQTYIREUZA', 'reviewText': 'These sunglasses are a product of love and passion. They scream "class" through every single inch. Try these and you will never want to wear anything but William Painter ever again. This start-up company has done for sunglasses what others have been trying to do for many years.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 23, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'S. M. Polen', 'userURI': 'AGDSRUMFRB6A2YKU7TX737T2J2OQ', 'reviewText': 'Had been eyeing these for a while, so had to buy them when they went on sale.  I have a big melon, and these fit me fine.  The titanium arms feel sturdy and give the glasses some heft, but they are well balanced and don\'t feel too heavy on my face.  Lenses are good quality and the overall look is a classic.  I have only opened bottles with them a few times, but the bottle openers work perfectly and are often commented on by people.  I have owned several Ray Bans and Maui Jims over the years and these are in the same class.Amended:  still love the look of the glasses, but had to send back for a replacement due to a problem.  Almost 3 weeks and 4 online chats (with very pleasant support staff) after WP received my original pair I have not had so much as an email confirmation that they received them.  Been told each time I contact that I\'ll hear back in a day or two but never happens.  My case has been marked as "urgent" but still no contact.  Great glasses but in the unlikely event you have a problem don\'t count too much on that unconditional guarantee...', 'stars': '1', 'postDate': 'January 31, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'KevW', 'userURI': 'AGON7L5CFTGM2IHRLCWPOOH74NFA', 'reviewText': "I was looking for a new pair of sunglasses since I messed up my old pair and since this particular one had such great reviews, I thought I'd give them a try. Hopefully this will confirm what others said or answer questions you might have before purchasing a pair for yourself.First thing I noticed was the weight when I opened my package. (I ordered off my sisters account since I didn't have Prime.. Haha).. Theyre noticeably heavier but it's nothing to be concerned about. These are sturdy and well built. The polarized lenses are great and the fit was pretty good. I have yet to use the bottle opener yet.The only downside that I've noticed about these sunglasses so far is the armor paint coating and the fact that these are made of metal and not plastic. I've already scratched my arms, idk how since all I've done so far is set them down on my desk, so the armor coating might be overhyped for what it is. Leaving them in the car also causes the sunglasses to become scorching hot... Even putting them in the hard case inside my glove box, they still get warm enough where it's no comfortable to wear.Aside from that... Great pair of sunglasses for the price. (Not the retail price)", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 29, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Wiseone505', 'userURI': 'AEXV4Y3J7WL7GVRIZBTFDY3YEKMA', 'reviewText': "I waited a few months to write this review to make sure the glasses stood up to my very rough handling.. and they did great.I beat the crap out of my glasses and in the process go through a lot of them...The Titanium Wayfarer Sunglasses by William Painter claimed to be sturdy and have completely lived up to that promise.  Even when I try my best not to, I usually end up throwing my glasses around and so far, even with my bad habits I have not seen a scratch on the lens or the frames.  Compared to the same Ray Ban glasses, which I did treat gingerly, I would have scratches and nicks in the frames and lenses.I have't actually tried the bottle opener.. so can't speak to that, but the frames do feel like they could open a bottle or two.The lenses are very dark, perfect for spring skiing or at the beach or pool.  They look fine, but are not high-fashion, more functional with a cool edge.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 30, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jared H.', 'userURI': 'AG3IOODPXTNAXZJM4Q75OEKVOKPQ', 'reviewText': 'Glasses have a great feel and look, but I left them in my car in the console for an extended period and the paint melted. Contacted the company and they would not replace them. Offered a discount code. Will not buy again.', 'stars': '1', 'postDate': 'June 12, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Tarik B', 'userURI': 'AHTC3XV4ZXHEO7CDUWI6ITMK7PRA', 'reviewText': "I've never been the guy to go out and buy sunglasses. I've received them as gifts, or found them along the way, but never saw a reason to buy them for myself- until now.These spectacles are the most durable and outright functional sunglasses i have ever possessed. The frames are titanium which resists wear and tear or bending like steel, but feels light as a feather on my face. i by no means have a small face or head, so the flexibility in the face of the glasses contours to fit the frames to my face for a custom fit every time i put them on. The lenses are the perfect shade for any scenario and i've worn them everywhere, from the beach to snowboarding, and the polarization is unmatched. These things are downright phenomenal!But let's get down to it… Here in San Diego we take our beer drinking seriously, and we're not talking about twist-off light beers here. I can't even begin to count the number of times these things have been there to save the day. Every scenario imaginable. I even had a bartender use them to open my beer at the bar with them because he couldn't find his opener! The list goes on.I've bought these for every guy in my family at some point, and even had to get a pair for my sister because she got jealous. These things ROCK.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 17, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Michael J.', 'userURI': 'AFW3Z7CYK3ZGI6AHJC7TLBSQ6PPQ', 'reviewText': "Took a chance on these because of the generous return policy and the complaints that they were just too dark. Guess some people just aren't used to having a good pair of sunglasses with good polarization. I have been living on the Ray brand polarized sunglasses all my life due to the darkness. Plus if you fish you know that good polarization helps to see the fish while site casting.  I always keep my glasses in the case to prevent scratches or damage and can usually keep a pair of glasses fifteen or twenty years before I get a scratch and replace them. I am very impressed with just how sturdy this pair of sunglasses are. I mean these things are solid. The fit and finish are very good. Very comfortable on me. I was afraid the bottle opener feature would bother me but I don't even notice that they are there. I can't wait to go camping and hand someone a beverage ;) that needs an opener and whip off my sunglasses and open it for them. What a hoot! LOL And with keeping with the sturdiness of the product, the case they give you is a snap shut clam shell to store your glasses in along with the supplied cleaning clothe. Talk about protecting you glasses. No more flimsy case from my high priced Ray brand. If you are going to spend this kind of money on a pair of glasses, why wouldn't you go with a brand with this kind of protection and such a generous warranty? Not to mention the follow up after the sell. They definitely want to make sure that you are happy and give you every opportunity to express any kind of concerns you may have. I can see this as being the last pair of sunglasses I will ever need. (unless I lose them) Even then, they have that covered too! It's about time a company gives you this kind of service in the age of ever disappearing, uncaring service!!!\xa0Titanium Wayfarer Sunglasses. Nylon Lenses & A Lifelong Promise. The Hook.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 20, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'blake yarber', 'userURI': 'AFIILBNCGBNAUKQBGXSJKU4OQ6LA', 'reviewText': "I bought these sunglasses about a year and a half ago when i was coming back from Rio de Janiro.  A buddy of mine had a pair and let me borrow his pair the last  day down there when i dropped my oakleys in the water. We boarded the plane that night, flew home and when i landed and got my phone service back on, and i ordered a pair.They're fantastic, they have alittle bit of weight behind them from the titanium consturction that makes them scream quality in your hands.  The weight rests nice on your face and is a really comfortable fit.  Not sure what the lenses are made of but i havent got a scratch yet (for me thats a miracle) even though im not the most diligent about putting them in their protective case.  The lenses are great on the water due to the polorized lenses.  I found that the tint of the glasses to be really comfortable on my eyes no matter what the lighting, not having to strain my eyes is probably my favorite aspect.  the bottle openers are great as well.  Ive probably opened 50 bottles to date with not a mark on the glasses.A few months ago, i posted a picture on instagram with the glasses on and in the comment hashtagged william painter.  They noticed that one of the jewels was missing from my pair and sent me a new pair that same day.  Thats just incredible service.  Ive never seen service like this and am very happy to have found these glasses.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 6, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Cory schnitzer', 'userURI': 'AFKIW33LWH6S42MK77S6SQMAARKQ', 'reviewText': 'If you are looking for a quality pair of shades look no further. Being made of titanium you really know what you are wearing. Ive dropped mine a few times and they didnt even scratch. When you first get them they feel a little snug around your face but then open up to what I consider a perfect fit. My girlfriend liked them so much she started wearing mine and I eventually got her a pair but we never mix them up because the minute I put them on I know if I am wearing mine or hers. I initially got these because I always liked that classic timeless wayfarer look and used to always wear Ray Bans but they would never last me over a year. I\'m going on 3 years with my WP\'s and it never gets old to pop open bottles of beers with them at friend BBQ\'s or the beach. They come in a super cool black case that looks James Bond like and a cleaning rag so I give them a wipe down and keep them in the case when I\'m not rocking them. They still look pretty new after all this time and I always find myself getting complements on them. I have suggested these shades to guys and girls as they look good on both sexes and the price is so affordable I have purchased a few as gifts for family around the holidays. If you are into social media I would give them a follow on their Instagram they have really cool photographs and inspiring posts. The motto they say "more than meets the eye" is a perfect sentence to describe the brand they put out.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 19, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'bob caniglia', 'userURI': 'AGJ2OUOMFMZ4A53ZK6GRXOBCU76Q', 'reviewText': "Love the look and feel of these sunglasses. The problem is they have printed their logo directly on the left lens. It's very distracting when wearing. The logo wasn't on any picture I saw online. Was offered refund but guess I will live with it. Disappointing.", 'stars': '1', 'postDate': 'June 13, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 's a', 'userURI': 'AGT7NQMYBZ5OPCYQVITOIUEI2L5Q', 'reviewText': "Loved these!! I bought these as a gift for my husband, but had to return them because he really needs the little magnifying part at the bottom of the lens.  Broke my heart to have to return them though as I really loved them.  They just felt good! The weight was good, the lens color was good, they looked sharp on; I did not get to try the bottle opener part but with the quality of everything about these sunglasses, I can't imagine that part not being quality too.  The packaging was impressive; I really, really liked these sunglasses. I would have kept them for myself, except I wear glasses and I need 'fit-overs'.  I would recommend these wholeheartedly.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 28, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AE7L5K2LFTVQ2T5CXZNSOTI2OTBA', 'reviewText': 'These are a rough, rugged, but less elegant alternative to wayfarers. The lenses aren\'t as crystal clear and the feel of the glasses isn\'t as light, smooth, and comfortable but they stay in place better and you can feel how sturdy they are.The bottle opener is a neat plus.I however am selling to these if I can find a buyer or returning them for they do not fit my face very well. If you like how wayfarer\'s look, you may not like these if you have a larger sized face. They made me look like I had small, buggy, old lady glasses on but they look awesome on other people.4/5 despite not being for my personal build.I also bought "The Level" sunglasses and I am keeping them. They are better if you have a bigger head.', 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'July 17, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amanda Campbell', 'userURI': 'AHDZZXKALS5ZL3IDKJE4N4RLU32Q', 'reviewText': "These are the best sunglasses I have ever owned. Period. I have trouble finding sunglasses that fit my face, and these are perfect. They don't slide off my face when I'm sweaty, they never bend or break, no matter what I do to them. The bottle openers on the arms definitely come in handy for those summer barbeques! Not only are the glasses themselves awesome, but William Painter provides excellent customer service and guarantees them for life! When the silver piece came off one side of my pair, they immediately replaced them for free with a brand new and improved pair, and were super nice about it too! HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend these shades, and also the Lume, which I own as well. Way better investment than Ray Bans or other expensive pairs!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 12, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Kyle Spicka', 'userURI': 'AHPMOP6IXDROZVYGNRLHTMW3Y4XQ', 'reviewText': 'These are my favorite sunglasses I have ever owned. I actually used mine so much I contacted William Painterand they gave me a solid discount Amazon coupon code to get a 2ND pair!!!! Their customerservice rep was fast and helpful.  I work at Nordstrom and I truly believe that customer service is one of the most vital traits to run a successful company, and these guys have it!!I\'ve owned tons of expensive designer sunglasses and nothing comes close to the durability of these. The titanium build of the glasses really feels sturdy. Which is a huge plus because Im pretty clumsy when it comes to things like my phone and keys, you should see the case on my Iphone hahah!  Its refreshing to finally have a pair of sunglasses that don\'t have the fragile plastic feeling, cant tell you how many times ive dropped mine and immediately surprised that theres not a single flaw on them.Im a huge fan of functionality so I go with the "Hooks" which have the bottle opener on the side. You cant beat that, specially for party\'s or bbq\'s etc you\'re not the guy opening it with the bottom of his reef sandals or the side of your friends wooden table!THE GOOD:- Titanium Durability: These puppies are drop resistant. They have a solid build and the materials are so much stronger than plastic, it’s worth the investment if you drop glasses as much as I do.- Great Polarization and Clarity: I love the way everything looks through their lenses. It’s very clear,crisp, and protects my eyes from the sun and glare.- Free Returns/Satisfaction Guarantee: I’ve never had to call them on it, but like I said before, their customer service was responsive and helpful when I lost my glasses and they stood by their word, so I would bet they would do the same here.- The titanium arms OPEN BOTTLES. It never gets old haha. People are always amazed when they see me do it. My favorite thing is when people ask, anyone have an opener? And I just hand them my glasses, and they look at me like I’m crazy, and I tell them to go ahead, and it works like a charm every time..- Good weight: They are slightly heavier than the average pair of all-plastic glasses, but their not too heavy. They just feel durable, and they form to fit my head. Looks similar to the $200 Ray-Ban wayfarers, but it’s cool, because they’re not. Everyone pays so much money to wear the same glasses as everybody else. I like looking different.- Hardcase is solid. It fits the glasses really well without being super bulky.THE BAD:Titanium Wayfarer Sunglasses - Nylon Polarized Lenses & A Life-Long Promise. The Hook.- They are not cheap, I had to save up for a month to buy these last year. But, when I lost them, I got the replacement pair on discount from them, so it kind of evens out. But still, they are an investment- The hardcase isn’t exactly the size that I can carry in my jeans pocket all day long. I wish they had an in between size softcase.- When I try to hang the glasses on the neck of my shirt, the bottle opener hooks get caught in my shirt some of the time haha I mean it’s easy to fix and get it on my shirt, but I’m just trying to cover anything that annoys me.- The weight took me a few days to get used to, but now it feels normal to me.- I wish they came in more colors other than just black.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 6, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jim K', 'userURI': 'AEKDBYLIZ6FGPVV2GSX622A4QOJQ', 'reviewText': 'I have a large head and these fit well.  Sturdy, stylish and comfortable.  Hopefully I will not lose them as they seem like they are built to last.  I have only had them for a couple of weeks but I am very happy with the purchase so far.Update 4/4/17.  It has now been almost a year and a half and I am still loving these.  I have never had a pair of shades last even close to this long.  Not a scratch on them and I use them every day and am tough on shades.  Many pairs have suffered the wrath of my bulbous head and caved from being over stretched or crumbled in the pockets of my cargo shorts, not these! I get a ton of compliments and everyone wants to try them on.  They look great on just about everyone.  My only problem is that I got a great deal on them and if I ever lost them...I would be SOL.  I would still spring for a new pair though even at almost triple the price.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 6, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Debi', 'userURI': 'AEVTDKSZLKJ35FYSIC7T7DBEUOQQ', 'reviewText': 'The best. I couldnt be happier, you want "designer" sunglasses? Go to http://shop.williampainter.com/titanium_sunglasses/ and do your research. These sunglasses were DESIGNED to be strong durable, usable, polarized sunglasses that just happen to look great on me or my girlfriend! AND you can literally party with them and look good doing it! Did I mention that they are half the cost of most other designer sunglasses? However if you happen to accidentally drop them (because your a human being) they wont be garbage! Using them to open beers does not damage or scratch anything, they still look like I just opened the box. Seeing the china tag was the only thing that kind of bothered me... but they are so good that i just dont care :) you wont regret buying these.. and if you did they have a money back guarantee? just ridiculous', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 12, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Justin Wei', 'userURI': 'AG3ACT2IIOBP2ALINVBY2CTVGBKA', 'reviewText': "Edit: I may have given an extremely harsh review previously focusing on the marketing and not the glasses themselves.I will provide a more balanced, all rounded review of everything you would need to know BEFORE purchasing these glasses.Bottom line: These sunglasses are mostly PLASTIC (acetate used in most other major sunglasses around this price range). When I first took interest in these glasses, the campaign and marketing led me to believe that they would be full titanium -- only the hinges and (possibly) the arms are metal. This explains the back-weighted design as well as the possibility of the caplifter tool.The front side of the frame (around lens, bridge, etc.) scratches relatively easily. The matte finish can be scuffed from simple nail rubs and any other contact with a solid object. The scratches can be seen in certain angles of light -- if you want something that is more resistant to scratches, a polished finish might be better for you. I've found that the left temple piece is heavily scuffed out of the box (metal).The lens clarity is as expected (clear, a little darker than I would have preferred, but clear). The glasses do feel well built and definitely aren't your typical cheap wayfarers.The only problem I have is that it would have been nice to know the front end material before going for the product. Under materials, it seems a little misleading that the only item listed is TITANIUM. The addition of acetate would have been nice as well. (Acetate is still a very strong material and is nearly shatterproof).4.5 star glasses to those who are aware of what they're buying, 2 stars to the marketing strategy, and 7 stars for the service.", 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'July 19, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Michael Beltran', 'userURI': 'AGYLTAJLUS7ZWPC6A7IPWJ2K3SYQ', 'reviewText': "These glasses are badass! Every where I go, these glasses get mad props when no one has a bottle opener and I bust them out to help those fellow alcoholics in need. They also fit very comfortably and I especially like how when I go fishing, they don't slip off my fat face. Funy thing is, I had to carve my initials in them because all my friends and family now have pairs and we were getting them mixed up. Props to the Willy P's!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 13, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'yosh j rau', 'userURI': 'AHPXLCKTSKDLELXOGFX242DVAAUA', 'reviewText': 'Let me start by telling you that I don\'t write reviews on a regular basis. While I do read a TON of reviews on the products I am considering purchasing, I just haven\'t really broken into writing the reviews myself.These amazing glasses are my reason for breaking into the world of writing product reviews. I strongly believe that these William Painter Sunglasses are the best pair of glasses I have ever owned and hopefully will ever have to own. They are durable, functional, optically clear and are backed by the best guarantee and promise that I have heard of in any industry. I have been a gear head for quite some time, buying high end equipment for many different habits including: backpacking, archery, hunting, fishing, paintball, camping and diving. Most of the products that I decide on are of a high quality and are well reviewed and inherently have a great warranty or guarantee. No products I have used have as great a warranty and guarantee as these William Painter sunglasses. You are protected from damage or loss and you can even send them back for more than you paid if for some reason they aren\'t right for you.Upon opening the package, I was excited because I knew what I was getting (a friend had a pair that I was able to check out before my purchase). The case that the sunglasses come in was durable and not too bulky. It definitely felt like it could stop a pair of sunglasses from getting crushed, but was not too bulky that you couldn\'t slip it into a small bag or pocket. Included was a lens cleaning cloth- standard with most high end glasses but an appreciated touch that can conveniently stay in the hard case.The glasses themselves have some weight to them. I believe someone already posted in the reviews that the glasses weigh in at 1.7ozs. That is substantial but the glasses are very comfortably weighted to the rear and stay very well balanced on your face.CONSTRUCTION: this is what originally got me interested in these glasses. They are made of titanium and have a tough nylon scratch resistant lens. The hinges are titanium and offer a super clean and precise feel and movement. I have had the glasses for about 6 months, have worn them for a portion of just about every day and the hinges and glasses still look and feel like they did when I took them out of the case the first day. These glasses have been dropped, sat on, kicked, left in a 120degree truck, been in saltwater, blood and buckets of sweat. They still look like new. I\'m convinced they will last forever- and the best part is- if they ever were to break, William Painter will repair or replace them!OPTICAL QUALITY: I\'m not sure if there is a rating system for this but these glasses would get an A+++ or a perfect 10. They are clean and clear and offer no distortion. The polarized lenses cut glare on water and windshields and snow like no other glasses I have worn before. I\'ve had lots of different brands of polarized eyewear and there are definitely different grades and levels of quality and effectiveness. These are the tops. These give the best "polarized effect" of any of the other pairs I have worn (expensive and not). The lenses seem to be easier to clean than cheap glasses and are easy to get that "crystal clear" look with a glass cleaning cloth or even a clean shirt! I feel that I have abused these glasses and there is not a single scratch on the lense. This could just be an incredibly lucky coincidence- or it could be another example of how high quality and durable these glasses are.FUNCTIONALITY: I didn\'t care too much about the bottle opener function of the glasses when I bought them. I saw them in action before I ordered my pair- My friend had opened a weekend\'s worth of beer bottles with his.  It worked. It\'s a simple function that people remember when you have them handy. It has proved to be useful on many occasions, I\'ve probably opened over a hundred bottles at this point and the glasses have no scratches or dents. People usually ask what kind of glasses they are if I open a beer with my pair. Genius marketing on behalf of William Painter.THE GUARANTEE: the guarantee is the real deal. If these break or become damaged in any way, William Painter Sunglasses will take care of the issue, whether it is repairing or replacing them. They even hook up another pair at a deep discount if you lose them, that is rediculous! I think the coolest part of the guarantee is that you can try them out and send them back for more than you paid even if you just don\'t feel they are right for you. Can\'t beat that. I know that guarantee isn\'t offered anywhere else in the sunglass industry.OVERALL:I believe everybody should try a higher quality pair of glasses at some point. William Painter has eliminated the risk. This will be a pair of glasses that you will appreciate. These glasses seem like they will last forever. Polarized glasses are a game changer on water and snow and make driving in bright sunlight safer and more pleasant. These glasses are top notch, the price was very reasonable, and after 6 months of use, seem like they will last forever. Thank you William Painter!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 30, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Alex M.', 'userURI': 'AE6GIW3IEKUMRRVMCH2M24BF62HQ', 'reviewText': 'I needed a badass pair of glasses for my badass stepdad\'s christmas present and this pair of sunglasses was the perfect fit! He has been wearing the glasses every day, whether he\'s driving to work, or riding his Harley. He loves the weight and fit of the glasses (he mentioned that they don\'t feel "cheap" like most plastic pairs). Aside from these glasses being close to indestructible, they also open beer bottles! Awesome.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 14, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Robert Baker', 'userURI': 'AFRQUCZVD2GA75TLBPTA4NEKYUUA', 'reviewText': 'Absolutely fantastic sunglasses. Extremely well built, and have the perfect balance between being light weight, but still feeling rock solid and durable.The lenses are absolutely Clear and uniform, the polarization has no waves or distortion.The titanium feels and looks amazing, along with the hinges.Over all they are the absolute best sunglasses I have owned to date. Would highly recommend to anyone looking at other brands to take a look at these first.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 10, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Elise Delaney', 'userURI': 'AEYSXNGADYC5P6E465QDVPWEKRVA', 'reviewText': "I had a return issue (a self made one, I must add) and all through the process of obtaining a replacement pair Mary had dealt with me. She was wonderful and did an above and beyond job. Out of all of the products and companies I deal with on a regular basis she did nothing but the absolute best and most positive customer support I've ever had. Wherever you are Mary, thank you again a million times.-Evan", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 23, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'drew_nasty', 'userURI': 'AF55JAEEOVKAQTRCAFSA2ZAINLGQ', 'reviewText': "I bought a pair a few years back and really liked them. I unfortunately lost that pair when I nearly drowned to death at Kern River. Emailed WP and they hooked me up discounted pair.When new these can be a little tight, even on my wife's unusually small chinese skull. Only con with these hardy titanium frames is risk for bent/ broken hinges.  I've accidently bent a few times when I accidently sat of them. Bent hinges can happen to any glasses unless you get those dorky looking flexible frames.Awesome warranty,  good fit, gimmicky bottle opener.  Love it.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 21, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Anthony Maki', 'userURI': 'AEFCHPDKCLQEMRIH6CCDMKIAAOQQ', 'reviewText': 'This pair of sunglasses is fantastic! This is coming from someone who regularly uses and loses $10 or free pairs of shades… so I better hope I don’t lose these! It should be less of a problem due to these being awesome, and that it comes with an equally well-conceived carrying case and wiping cloth.The build quality is incredible. You can’t go wrong with titanium (strongest metal for its weight). The hinges feel as though you could open and close them until the end of time. The view through the lenses is the clearest I’ve ever experienced. The weight is only slightly more than a normal acetate frame, but they feel great on resting on your ears and nose.A few notes:(1) Not sure if it’s the same for every pair, but a very small William Painter logo is printed in frost white on the top-left corner of the left lens (from the point of view of the wearer). It doesn’t affect vision at all. I didn’t see this on any of the product photos, so it was a bit of a surprise, but not a problem. It probably will be a conversation starter at some point.(2) I haven’t yet used these to open a bottle, and I’m not sure I will. But it’s good knowing that if I’m in a pinch, it’s available.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 11, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AHIZJCSJ6B7BNZLMPR7TIU33S5EQ', 'reviewText': "I bought these Sunglasses a little over a year ago now, and I have absolutely loved them.  I was skeptical at first with the sides being Titanium, I felt like they would be heavy and hurt after long periods of wearing them.  However, the weight ratio is great and very rarely do I ever get tired wearing them.  The shade of the lens is perfect for bright sunny days, I have worn them everywhere from football tailgates, pool, and the lake.After purchasing them I thought of the bottle cap opener more as a gimmick at first, but soon found myself using them all the time.  People also loved it when they ask if I have an opener and I pull my sunglasses off.  Many time I have to chase them down because people ask to try them and then refuse to give them back because of the comfort-ability.The only problem I have ever had was when you use the bottle cap opener, the paint starts to flake off on the underneath side where it pushes on the center of the bottle cap for leverage.  I was slightly disappointed that this started happening so early in the life of the glasses.  With that being said, customer service was extremely responsive and has even offered to replace them.  I however understand that when you put that much pressure opening a bottle cap that the paint will flake.  It is just part of it.  I did not replace my glasses as it wasn't that big of a deal to me at the time.I would say these have been one of my favorite Pair of glasses to own and I have had no regrets except for the time I left them at home and my sister stole them for a month.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 14, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Bindy S Montoya', 'userURI': 'AESZDCZ7LIMPTQSK7CFRTV5IJHJA', 'reviewText': "Not only are these great sunglasses, I have to say that William Painter's customer service is phenomenal. My husband received a pair as a gift and was thrilled with the looks and the quality of the glasses. A few weeks ago my husband was hit by a car while riding his bicycle. His glasses held up fine, but the frames were scratched. He contacted William Painter and they honored their guarantee by sending him a new pair upon the receipt of his damaged glasses. If you like this style you can't go wrong by purchasing these. They are top quality, just like the guarantee that comes with them. It's refreshing to deal with a company that lives up to their claims. We're extremely pleased with these glasses.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 18, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Brad Mills', 'userURI': 'AEJCXMPW2SLJV2XBBJNB52JMUYEQ', 'reviewText': "Ultimate pair of sunglasses for men. Best customer service. Durable, great for the beach.I've been using these for a long time. There is some sort of coating on the glasses that makes the world look more interesting. Whenever I look at a screen or a tinted window, I get some sort of super cool ability to see rainbows.I'm sure it's just the polarization or something, but I've never had a pair of sunglasses give me this cool effect.They are a STURDY pair of glasses, obviously the coca cola bottle opening arms are a hit at parties and the beach, or around Santa Claus.This is actually my third pair, I'm giving this one away to my brother in law as a bachelor party gift.I took them to Cuba (picture attached) and the workers kept asking me if I could give the glasses to them.They can be a bit tight on the head if you have a big noggin, and don't leave them in a roof sunglasses compartment in the summer else they will absorb enough heat to burn your skin.I emailed the manufacturer after I lost my first pair at the beach, they said they would supply me with a nice discount if I bought these and the Lumes. Great policy.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 23, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Tim Charles', 'userURI': 'AHLXRTU4DPXYQD4RIP7GQMTLNFCA', 'reviewText': "Overall excellent glasses. Note that they're very, very heavy relative to other sunglasses (in my experience anyway), heavy enough to on occasion leave a mark on your nose for awhile after you take them off. Nice bonus: the bottle opener hooks have at least twice saved the glasses from falling out of my pocket.EDIT: Recently the bottle opener failed to keep my glasses in my pocket and they were promptly run over by a NYC taxicab. William Painter replaced them almost immediately, no questions asked. Big win -- can I give six stars, please?", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 7, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Mo Mo', 'userURI': 'AGZDYU2UCOYRQBLFSBYVXJU2DQ2A', 'reviewText': "This is the first pair of quality sunglasses I've ever bought. I thought the only difference was going to be materials and durability but I was wrong. First, they fit perfectly and the back weighting keeps them on my head nicely. The lenses are out of this world. I've used them in varying lighting conditions from bright sunlight on a snowy day to the late sunsetting commute from the office and have no complaints. They simply perform wonderfully.  They feel solid, I know they're going to last. The bottle opener likely won't get used in my case but it doesn't affect the aesthetics and doesn't cause any functionality issues so I won't complain. If you couldn't tell by my initial comment, I'm fairly frugal and rather critical of my purchases. That being said, I'm very pleased with the quality and value these provide and would definitely recommend these.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 17, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'TJ Wahoo', 'userURI': 'AG7NYV3ETX5PWVLOK5ZIKVIVFILQ', 'reviewText': 'I bought a pair of these sunglasses after trying on the pair my son bought and I love them! They deliver on all that was promised. They fit perfectly and never slip down my nose like all my other glasses. The lenses are distortion free and just the right amount of tint even on a bright, sunny day. All this and a 110% guarantee! Most of all the customer service is unbeatable if ever needed. I was looking for a second pair for my other son and Jeff responded immediately with an incentive to purchase. This is a company with high quality products at an exceptional value. I would recommend them to anyone. Thanks, Jeff!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 5, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Eric M. Ruiz', 'userURI': 'AEKWJ27NPGUJWSGJBYHGQXIF6SOQ', 'reviewText': "I love these sunglasses for their durability and look. I travel often for business and so I need a sunglass that can be on face for long periods of time. I actually put my prescription in them and made them optical glasses. I've slept in airports with them, been hit in the face by a soccer ball while having them on, etc. All in all, they continue to hold on very well despite the wear and tear. In addition, they have a comfortable, snug fit. No bouncing when I'm running on the tread mill or no sliding down my face when I'm at the gym.Perfect sunglass/ optical glass for anyone on the constant move.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 21, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'John Weng', 'userURI': 'AG7SUTWY6XBK56AIG5J7ZPBLMCAQ', 'reviewText': "Loved these sunglasses, they're made of an excellent quality titanium which gives it a really nice feel on the sides. It's a nice alternative to the plastics used in most wayfarers which is a plus. Most of my friends were surprised the bottle oener actually worked so it makes for a pretty good conversation starter. I got these on Kickstarted when they were starting the campaign for the Lume as a package but definitely love this pair just as much!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 15, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'VivianMayli', 'userURI': 'AERQ5GJC2KX2RBJUUAMSJZO4B6CQ', 'reviewText': 'I purchased these 2 years ago directly from their WP website for an anniversary gift, since then my husband has a received so many compliments, they still look new and are incredibly durable as my husband uses the hook quite often to open his beers(and any chance he can to show off). We just purchased another pair to gift to my brother, and he loved them, from the style to the quality of lens and the uniqueness of the hook(and usefulness). I look forward to purchasing more pairs to gift to family members for Christmas this year.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'November 1, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Sean', 'userURI': 'AEADJGLYMR7PKFIGRNQI5R3OABAQ', 'reviewText': "Coming from a lifelong RayBan lover, I was skeptical before buying the William Painter Hook. These glasses exceeded my expectations, and I'll never go back to RayBan again. My old RayBan Wayfarers had a plastic frame which broke on me twice. The titanium frame on the WP Hook has a much higher quality feel, not so different from a German built car. These glasses also double as a bottle opener! Comes in handy, and is a great conversation piece. I feel as if people just buy RayBan for the name, not the quality of the glasses themselves. Also a nice bonus, these glasses are Polarized! Great for cutting glare through the windshield of my car. All around an awesome pair of sunglasses, you won't be sorry going with a pair of Painters!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 22, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'John R', 'userURI': 'AHMSHJHWOUHX767A2NILPEOVF6HA', 'reviewText': 'These are THE BEST sunglasses. I wear these for everything. They are clean and perfectly balanced. The bottle opener is a huge plus for summer BBQs and year-round brew enjoyment. You will not be disappointed. Awesome at parties. Everyone is impressed by how effortless these open bottles.The only bottle opener I need to carry.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 3, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'tyler harmon', 'userURI': 'AF6L2HOXYKIFT3XHI6DZLVFR5BAQ', 'reviewText': 'William Painter sunglasses are the only glasses I will ever wear for the rest of my life! I have owned every type of sunglasses under the sun and there is no better quality pair than these bad boys right here. This is actually my second pair from the company after they so graciously gave me a discount coupon when I accidentally lost mine boating last year. I was so excited when I contacted William Painter and they gave me a huge discount Amazon coupon code for replacement just like they promised. They have amazing customer service and were able to get my new pair of glasses to me fast and effectively.These glasses are not my first pair of $200+ sun blockers but I can absolutely say they are my favorite! William Painter sunglasses just feel better, view clearer, and open beer bottles like no other pair of glasses you\'ve ever experienced before. These glasses will last forever because they are made of sturdy titanium and were built for use.It\'s absolutely amazing how many bottles I have opened with these bad ass glasses and still have no chips or wearing to the paint or frame. They make for a great discussion piece whenever someone asks me "hey do you have a bottle opener" and I proceed to hand them my glasses with a smile on my face.POINT BLANK you need these glasses in your life. They look cool, have spectacular vision, premium eye protection, and open beer bottles for crying out loud!!!!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 7, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'smitty', 'userURI': 'AFEFSSRRJEP7BWXIUCEXJRHXA5FQ', 'reviewText': "I've had these for nearly a week now. So far they are great! Having purchased several different major brand name sunglasses, I would definitely put these in the same category as far as quality goes. The titanium frames are sturdy, yet light and the polarized lenses really help with any glare. I wore them for 4 hours in sunny and cloudy conditions while floating the Guadalupe River. No eye strain or fatigue! Haven't had a chance to try opening a bottle yet. I doubt I'll be disappointed, but if I am I'll update the review.I bought a pair of The Level glasses as well, and would strongly recommend both, and not hesitate to purchase again!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 18, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Aaron', 'userURI': 'AE6FTC5KCEAEODWGBX6NIQ7BRBMA', 'reviewText': "These are by far the best sunglasses I have ever bought. No more oakleys....maui jims....spy or any other tomfoolery. Came on time....great case with a wipe to clean them. Love the warranty even if I were to lose them. I don't think breaking will be a problem as they are titanium. I got them also on a lightning buy which was even cheaper!  Super score and may have been the best s ore I'd had in 2015! Don't think...just buy them!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 29, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'kelli', 'userURI': 'AGC6PTKEIESBXVY6LSPGLOG5DJHA', 'reviewText': 'These actual glasses saved my friends eye because of the indestructible bottle opening titanium arm.  Long story short, a construction truck was parked in a loading zone with roughly cut steel framing strips angling and extending up out of the back of a closed tailgate eye level in a high level pedestrian traffic zone. The strips, however were not properly tied with a rag/flag signaling the existence of these for safety.  If you could imagine steel base boards surrounding the room u maybe sitting in.  As my friend was entering another vehicle parked diagonally behind the construction truck, the ends of the strips caught and struck him in the rightside of his right eye, and the right arm of the sunglasses.  Two large scrapes down the side of the arm, and a single two inch long cut just above his right eye, missing it by millimeters.  Lucky to say the least...if he had not been wearing those sunglasses, the two cuts down the side of the titatium arm probably would not have been as durable in such a high impact moment as most all sunglasses/any eye protection. Thank you William Painter for saving my friends face/eye or perhaps life.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 19, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Marlo', 'userURI': 'AE4WGYLMD5F3F2E2HC4ROPWBM2GQ', 'reviewText': "Writing a second review because I'm not sure what happened to my first review. Regardless, both reviews are 5 stars. I was having an issue with my order and Jeff from WP personally kept in touch with me via email to help me out. It's true that the customer service is exceptional. They are also the most comfortable sunglasses I've ever worn. No sliding and definitely have a luxurious fit to them. Will buy more WP products in the future. FOR SURE.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 19, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Steve', 'userURI': 'AEO3GGUHRN36OO4AGYO4URR2CENA', 'reviewText': "These sunglasses are amazing!  I've had mine since they first came on to the market and I've traveled all over the world in them since then.  They're comfortable, durable, multi-functional eyewear that also make for a good ice breaker or conversation piece when in a social setting.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 17, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Shadowfax', 'userURI': 'AGMO3II3FZS2GO7ZQZUHST7FLD4A', 'reviewText': "I purchased these sunglasses because I was tired of going through the cheap knock-offs that you find at the fair and at street festivals -- those glasses usually don't last long enough to make it to the next festival. These Wayfarer glasses feel as if they will last a long time, although I have owned them for only a few weeks so far. A long time ago, I owned a pair of genuine Ray-Bans that I wore for over 10 years until I lost them. The Ray Bans were a great pair of glasses, but I think these are even nicer. These glasses feel substantial in the hands, almost a bit too heavy and unbalanced -- however, they are not designed to be carried in the hands, and they feel light and balanced when wearing them. I can easily wear them all day with no fear of them falling down my nose, but they do not feel tight on my temples the way that some glasses can. Recommended..", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 6, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'giovanni morelli', 'userURI': 'AFXDCVIG6NJ7PLY6OVSD6DHVASBA', 'reviewText': 'I have been extremely happy with these Sunglasses! I literally wear them everywhere... golfing, driving, riding bikes down the beach, out on the water. The polarized lenses really do kill the glare you get from cheaper varieties. Have i meantioned that they also can open beer bottles!!! These glasses are made with titanium legs so you know they are going to be sturdy. I used them at a party one night and must have opened at least 20+ beers and not one chip!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 16, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Drew Morrow', 'userURI': 'AEXABPRTLQMFPC3CEWDTOTH3NROQ', 'reviewText': "I purchased these sunglasses about a month ago and I haven't regretted buying them once. The frames have a rather enjoyable weight to them and are very sturdy. The bottle openers on the glasses work well enough.  the best part being showing off these to your friends, and watching them get as excited about these glasses as I am. The frames were quite comfortable and stayed on my head very well with little or no discomfort. The lenses were not as dark as I would have hoped, but the overall quality of the lenses were excellent. I've kept these in a jacket pocket for the majority of the time when not in use and I have yet to see a single scratch or imperfections on them. Overall, these sunglasses are of an excellent craftsmanship and very durable and I only regret not buying more as Christmas presents for this year.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 29, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Tanner French', 'userURI': 'AEHUK2HQJMQHOBWWQALXIG2YRNXQ', 'reviewText': "I bought these after a recommendation from a friend and am definitely glad I did. Not only do they serve the obvious purpose of being great sunglasses, the bottle opener has come in handy countless times. I was worried about the arm serving as an opener and the durability of the frame, but I've had them for a long time now and they look like new. Great purchase, highly recommended!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 29, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'JSL', 'userURI': 'AFMGDICJE2GEE5VGOYQJXOSTY46A', 'reviewText': "Nice glasses, but not new.I bought two pair on the Amazon deal.  Both arrived the same day.  One pair was new, the other wasn't and lacked the wrapped cleaner cloth -- tho the glasses appear to be fine.  I wrote them (William Painter) three times to advise them of their QC issue.  WP never even responded.July 24 Update:  Well, six months later, I finally heard back from WP.  Long story short, they still have customer service issues -- they'd do better to vertically integrate, such that eachncomplaint is handled by one person -- but, ultimately, the service matched the fine products, and WP sent me a new pair gratis.  Thank you Karen, for grabbing this issue and running with it.  Couldn't be a happier customer.)", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'February 25, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Crystal Napial', 'userURI': 'AFMUG47LTQTGXBUIKH3SFA5RFB5Q', 'reviewText': "The shape of these glasses are just classic and look good on everyone, men & women (my guy freinds try to steal them all the time!) And they are probably the sturdiest glasses I have ever owned. You can feel it immediately when you put them on the amazing quality they are made out of. But of course the most unique part about these glasses are the bottle opener sides. Can't tell you how often people ask me about them and I have to demonstrate their bottle opening abilities. I am pretty much the hit of every party :)", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 17, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Megan G.', 'userURI': 'AHT6CD4ZILZ2SUO2NQWFPSGZOERQ', 'reviewText': 'I first purchased these when the company was Liquid Shades, and I loved them!! After having my OG pair stolen in Hawaii, I reordered them under the new brand William Painter. The case redesign was spectacular, and the polarized lenses really sharpen up your view. The bottle opener on the sides has come in handy many times, and I love seeing the look on my friends faces when I pop the cap off a beer using my sunglasses. The look of surprise never gets old. Definitely would recommend these to anyone looking to invest in a pair of stylish, comfortable, USEFUL shades. Plus, the guys who run this company provide excellent customer service from end to end. Go WP!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 18, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Zach Shepard', 'userURI': 'AEZUCK6HOF2YK4GS2JGQCIC6CEOA', 'reviewText': 'Best sunglasses on the planet. Been a sun glass fanatic for years and have had many pairs of Oakleys. These make every other pair feel cheap. Highly recommend to anyone looking for an exotic pair of sunglasses you can show off.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 20, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Seva Katir', 'userURI': 'AGCF2F7XGAKF2A4N5RRTMZ72OWHA', 'reviewText': 'I loose sunglasses regularly so spending money on a pair is not easy for me... However, it was hard to pass up the novilty of opening a beer with my shades so I bought a pair.  Now I have three sets.  One beater pair that I loan to friends in need or to wear at work.  One pair for lookin sharp  AF... and one pair is in the box as a backup waiting for the inevitable loss of one of the other pairs.  These are durable, comfortable, and functional. They are just a bit heavier than the standard junk plastic pairs I\'m used to which I like.  "Heavy is reliable..."  overall I\'m stoked on the The Hook.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 8, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'heriberto cortes', 'userURI': 'AEM5QPSUGA45VUT324D3LJH2Y5KQ', 'reviewText': 'kept the frame put prescription lens on them will order again for sun glasses', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 11, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Brenda W.', 'userURI': 'AFBBXWXSMCUN3PUTEIDNPRPF4TJA', 'reviewText': 'Great pair of sunglasses. Very well made and look great.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 8, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Rafael Estrada', 'userURI': 'AE3QEEEE2KDLEB6ZG4ONSSYE63KA', 'reviewText': 'I couldn\'t be happier with these sunglasses. These are my first pair of "expensive" sunglasses that I have purchased. I bought these instead of the classic rayban because of the titanium material. I hope they last me a long time.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 13, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Derek', 'userURI': 'AGXRESLSKRHBOM2SGAAMZVNI4WLQ', 'reviewText': 'One of my favorite pairs right now ,havent used the bottel oppener yet but i like the way they look and are suppppper comfortable  . (should note the frames that hold the lenses are not metal just the arms, but is a good quality and helps them fit soooo good because they "flex" like a spring hinge)', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'February 21, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Johnny De', 'userURI': 'AFGTBPXTQ3NCTNF6N34MMYUVEUZQ', 'reviewText': "They're great. I got them because I liked the design and the material useof titanium but I'm getting compliments every time I put them on! LiterallyI'm stopped everywhere!Thank you for making an awesome product", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 6, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Robby', 'userURI': 'AHVYTO45N4XHBV7QW3IMJ4QKHOXA', 'reviewText': "I'm going to be completely honest here, and this might be the ONLY review I write on Amazon because I am such a HUGE fan of these sunglasses, but they literally blow all other sunglasses out of the water.Made with the best materials they can source, REAL polarized lenses, titanium arms that don't break, and the most relaxing fit on your face. I would give these glasses more stars if I could.William Painter is setting the standard on how sunglasses should be manufactured. I swear you won't regret it.Plus you can be the cool person at the BBQ popping open beer bottles with your sunglasses", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 15, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'cowboyluv33', 'userURI': 'AH6H4T3BAMSLYYRZNO6WFZUZXYKA', 'reviewText': 'These are the most durable sunglasses i have ever owned. The titanium frame is strong enough to use the bottle opener without worry of breaking an arm off. They have a nice weight to them so i know when they are resting on top of my head, I would always forget when i have my plastic sunglasses resting on top of my head and knock them off, breaking them. The lenses are great on cutting out any glare. I feel i will have these glasses for a long time!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 24, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AFVXHWQW6FKTDL3JC2VN6FQ3SJ7A', 'reviewText': "I couldn't be happier with these solid pair of shades! I work in a high impact construction type feild and I'm pretty tough on sun glasses. I've gone threw countless pairs of other shades before I game across the William Painter Hook model, these things are bullet proof! I've had my current pair for over two years and almost had a freak out when I couldn't find them before I was about to take off on a work trip luckily I found them and all was ok. I could go on and on about the durability, style and comfort these glasses bring to my face...get um! You won't be disappointed!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 12, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Philip Cobb', 'userURI': 'AHUXVLYOWGMAAMUZX3XLSFMIDPDQ', 'reviewText': "The only pair of sunglasses I will probably never get tired of wearing. The style is timeless, the comfort is perfect, and the bottle opener not only comes in handy, makes for a great conversation piece, but is a staple of the innovative minds at William Painter. Keep it up, look forward to see what's next!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 28, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Daniel Bellinger', 'userURI': 'AEPSO7T4GCTAF2S7ZSRVE2DP3RZA', 'reviewText': "Simply the best pair of glasses I've owned.  I currently own 2 pair of Dita, 2 Maui Jim, 4 Persol and a bunch of other stuff, but they usually stay in the case since these work so well.  Do not underestimate the fact that they are properly weighted.  The bridge of my nose does nothing for me when it comes to holding frames up, so the added weight in the back is awesome.  They have not chipped or scratched.  They haven't been scalding hot when putting them on after being in the car (they will be warm).  I lost my first pair and purchased another pair the same day.  Couldn't live without em.  And they are just so damn cool looking.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 15, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'RPTroop', 'userURI': 'AFDWWMWLU6JDHF2T3D4N4TXYB5CQ', 'reviewText': "Cold aluminum feel, fits nicely and molds to your head. They're comfy, light, and stylish relative to their RayBan looks.Sun shading is very subpar for the price. The lenses are about as good as $20-40 dot-dash shades are. The styling is a direct knock-off of rayban (just with William Painter logo instead).If you're going to spend $140 on shades, I'd 100% recommend a pair of RayBan's instead as these only add aluminum and bottle opening to the design (which really, anything is useable as an opener, who wants to remove their shades to pop a bottle). Basically a gimmicky pair of shades, when your average Sunglass Hut will have a warranty good enough as well.If you don't mind them looking exactly like RayBans, costing the same, and having cold sweat mirroring metal as well as 'meh'  quality lenses.. Then totally grab these when they're on sale for something under $100", 'stars': '3', 'postDate': 'December 8, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AHQ7I3P4WWKDYY64QQAM564ACWXQ', 'reviewText': 'These shades are the bomb and nothing really needs to be said there. They say it all on the website and in the videos. Just know that they live up to their marketing. I received them very fast and everything is great, quality, and professional. Looking forward to the years and years I will have these sunglasses. Keep doing what you do, WP!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 1, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'AC', 'userURI': 'AFTK2ZOW6H3TFRWY2R5HIG74A6ZA', 'reviewText': 'Sturdy and great quality. Lenses used in bright sunlight= lite sunblocking. It almost seemed like i wasnt wearing sunglasses. Its constructed VERY well. Looks and feels like. $300 parlir but lense shade was too light of a coverage for a sunny day in TX.', 'stars': '3', 'postDate': 'January 21, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Harv', 'userURI': 'AGR3MIL2IYIUF6YORUFR4NYNIKGA', 'reviewText': "I have really enjoyed owning these sunglasses. The polarized lens are very great as well. They block a lot of the sunlight and I actually prefer them to my oakleys. They feel nice, firm, with some weight on them so I don't have to worry about them falling off, especially when cruising around on a boat. However, recently I jumped into the ocean and lost my sunglasses. I contacted the company and they replaced them for the original kickstarter price. William Painter has a very great customer service and got back to me very quick! Everytime someone has needed a bottle opener I've offered my glasses and everyone i've met loved them. I decided to pick up a pair of the Lume to try it out as well! I recommend these!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 11, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Laurel Wadlund', 'userURI': 'AGMGXA7XAIK2K2V6DKHAXCEEC3IA', 'reviewText': "These glasses are so cool!  I love them-- they are very sturdy and yet very stylish.  My husband and son have them, too.  They look like they walked out of GQ Magazine, when wearing them.  The glasses look great no matter what your style with a practical elegance that won't fade as time passes.  The bottle opener is definitely a plus for tailgating and with summer coming I am sure they will get a workout around the pool.  If you have not tried them, I recommend you do!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 7, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'J.Sejun', 'userURI': 'AEVTDHRBCYEAPLE4AS5W7Q7RXM7A', 'reviewText': 'I bought this as a gift for my brother. I love this sun glass. before I give it to my brother, I tried on first, feeling is good, it has strong body, clean looking. so cool!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 20, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Izak Christensen', 'userURI': 'AHWEMG2JAP3UL77MAP5IWVYIPGJA', 'reviewText': 'After a few weeks of debating what new style of sunglasses to get, The Hook by William Painter caught my eye.  Having purchased these glasses this past November, I can confidently say that I am happy with my purchase.  If you’re looking for a pair of durable sunglasses featuring polarized lenses without comprising on style, The Hook may be for you.  When looking at buying a new pair of sunglasses, the quality, style, and customer service were characteristics that I considered.QualityLet me start by saying that the quality of these sunglasses is superb.  When opening the package, I was immediately impressed by the weight of the product.  Some might say that the sunglasses are too heavy, but after two months of use, the weight is not noticeable.  We’ve established that the glasses are durable, but even the case and cleaning cloth are high grade.  Beyond my immediate impression of the product, these sunglasses have also survived multiple drops without a scratch.StyleThe quality of the sunglasses is great, but that does not mean much if you do not want to be seen wearing them in public.  That is not a problem when it comes to The Hook.  These William Painter sunglasses are a classic wayfarer style that goes well with just about anything.  The size of these sunglasses fit my face well, but some other reviews mention that they may be slightly tight if you normally wear larger glasses.  The unique bottle opening feature is also a great conversation starter, and works well when you don’t have another opener handy.Customer ServiceFinally, one reason why The Hook stood out when compared to other glasses is the lifetime warranty of the product.  Providing this type of coverage really speaks to how much William Painter believes in their product, and that belief is definitely not misplaced.  While my pair of sunglasses hasn’t needed this service yet, it is comforting to know that it is there if needed.Overall, The Hook by William Painter are a great pair of sunglasses.  If you’re looking for a quality pair of sunglasses that don’t compromise on style, these sunglasses definitely fit the bill.  While you hope it isn’t needed, the lifetime warranty is also a great addition.  If you have any questions about The Hook, please feel free to comment below!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'February 2, 2018', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Eddie', 'userURI': 'AF2EQZTEHCJHI2WTE4NKGUCS2PMA', 'reviewText': "These are the best glasses I've ever owned. The frames are super durable, I accidentally sat on them in my car and they are still perfect. Also, when you open bottles the lenses don't scratch or scuff at all. The lenses are polarized and the quality is fantastic. They look amazing on and EVERYBODY goes nuts when I open their beers with my glassss.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 5, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'David Hillman', 'userURI': 'AGBUEQ2X2BFLWNSV75XE5U45F77A', 'reviewText': "For what I do for a living, I just couldn't have better sunglasses than the William Painter's. I work outside with horses all day long. The protection they give my eyes is the best I've ever had in sunglasses, and they are so durable for this environment. The bonus is being able to use them at the end of the day to open a beer bottle.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 21, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AG4T74H7VIP6KDQW4R4ZWR3GN3OA', 'reviewText': "After 4 years, my William Painter sunglasses met their demise under an errant foot.  Just ordered another pair.Pros:  Fit my big noggin, don't warp out of shape, GREAT clarity in the lenses, still no scratches or mars on the broken glasses, sturdy case (which I should have used)Cons:  A bit heavy, they will get hot in the summer sun & heat.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 13, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Chandler Bolt', 'userURI': 'AH2GHLWJC7XCKF7KN4VLPMY6UCLQ', 'reviewText': "I don't usually buy sunglasses that cost more than $20 but these are definitely worth the investment.Titanium arms, they actually fit and don't fall off my face. And they open bottles. Great glasses. Don't think I'll ever go back to any other glasses after using these.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 24, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Zach', 'userURI': 'AGAWCH63EACDHD4XJRLKPWHZDBHA', 'reviewText': 'I own Oakleys and Ray Bans and I think these are my preferred wear.  Stylish too!  Great product as other reviews stated.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 12, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jen', 'userURI': 'AG6LRJ25IMSVUB76ZWKAGWOYLXSA', 'reviewText': "I'm beyond in love with William Painter! Besides its dual functionality, they are sleek and incredibly comfortable. I haven't been able to wear sunglasses for some time now with out a prescription, but now that the glasses are gone, there is not another pair of sunglasses I foresee myself buying! When you have found the best, nothing else is the same! Thank you, William Painter for making such a fantastic addition to my life.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 12, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Kim', 'userURI': 'AHKXU7BWMEQNOGOLAVGK72UG74VA', 'reviewText': 'My boyfriend and I both have a pair of William Painter sunglasses and they look great on both of us! Love wearing them to the beach or just cruising around town. Super chic yet extremely durable definitely a solid pair of shades would suggest these to all of my friends! Also I have definitely opened up my fair share of beer bottles with the bottle opener - works great!!!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 4, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'ellen', 'userURI': 'AGZ56F2U7ULYDNKXJB7D77ZMN74A', 'reviewText': 'First...comfortable.. I like the way they are weighted a bit more on my ears vs the bridge of  my nose.  Also, the lenses are soothing  and really cut the glare.  I know the marketing is directed a bit more toward men, but they look great on women. I have bought a few pairs for birthday gifts for friends and they are a big hit... Then there is the complete guarantee....and they are tough....I really need that!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 30, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Ramon Pellizzaro', 'userURI': 'AGYMODGIEYJ3GUFF7FCWCWWHPCPA', 'reviewText': 'I bought these glasses on sale with the intention of selling them for a profit. Not big on the style but I decided to keep them since they are built so well.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 31, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Rusty Glaze', 'userURI': 'AHD23CSWUDT3AN23LLOC2CEHXDLA', 'reviewText': 'Seriously, these glasses are fantastic. When I use them to open a beer,  I always get a kick out of shocking people who have never seen them. I always love when I can merge function with style in any product that I buy. I have had a ton of sun glasses and most of them have broken and gotten sent to the dumps due to weak construction or materials. Not the William Painters, they are made out of titanium so they are built to last. I will be sporting these for a long time considering the classic cut and style. If you are into a more trendy style, my buddy grabbed a pair of the Lumes by William Painter and he likes those.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 30, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Alexa A. Fischer', 'userURI': 'AHOQB2MQIPNWJUIUWOL6OXETXLYQ', 'reviewText': "It gets no better then WP! At first you like the idea of cracking ice cold beers with your shades, but then you put them on and you realize you love the  fit, and lense that is better then anything else you've tired worn before.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 27, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Pavel', 'userURI': 'AH2CR7OFMGRA3KTIMFM2MZ6WVOKA', 'reviewText': 'Getting my second pair. love those sunglasses. my first pair have it for well over a year,reasonably price, great style super durable, , literately stepped on it and they are still alive, just few minor lens scratches. love em so much buying a second pair , i know those shades will last me forever!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 7, 2014', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Morley1234', 'userURI': 'AF55NJX53M6FE7HCAAZJI2BMXELA', 'reviewText': 'Ive had these glasses for nearly 3 years. Aside from the functional bottle opener, the frames feel great on the face and the polarized lenses gave me a visual sensation unlike any I had ever experienced.The reason I am reviewing these glasses after 3 years is because a few weeks back, my Hooks snapped at the bridge of the nose.These glasses were very well used and accompanied me to work (on construction sites) and multiple trips overseas.I decided to see how William Painter honors their lifetime warranty, and lets just say, a few weeks later, I have a brand new pair of Hooks to replace the ones that broke.All I had to do was send back the broken pair and no questions asked, new ones were sent to me.I own other William Painter glasses and I am a loyal customer as the product and customer service are both top notch.Thanks William Painter!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 10, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Brandon Short', 'userURI': 'AGDMTXXFVGPV53KWDEFQGVRA7JTA', 'reviewText': "I love my William Painter for their classic look, great comfort (I sometimes take six hour drives and believe me, uncomfortable sunglasses can make a tough drive even worse) and unique bottle opener. I was able to get exactly what I wanted. They are absolutely authentic, and are exactly what I wanted. Comfortable, good looking, and work great, even in that always difficult low winter sun.Really good sunglasses and exceptional value. Highly recommend.Great conversation piece when I open people's bottles at a party!Love them.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 9, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'M.T.', 'userURI': 'AEIBASJST3JQ4LQNPZDUJ5O3X4LQ', 'reviewText': 'The glasses fit great, feel great but came with scratches. I was going to return this one an put in a new order but saw price increased by 20 dollar so will just be returning.', 'stars': '3', 'postDate': 'July 20, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Riley', 'userURI': 'AHIH73UAUFVLCIVRPF7OLEDCMC7A', 'reviewText': "I've had Spy Nolan's and Oakley half-jackets, but none were near as comfortable as these shades.  Nothing beats the look on people's faces when your at a BBQ, overhear someone looking for a bottle opener, walk over and casually open their beer with your sunglasses, then calmly put your William Painters back on and walk away as you blow their mind. Canada approved!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 3, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Tesla929', 'userURI': 'AEEN7C6AXK2ERGG2XY2DYRPVJAXQ', 'reviewText': 'Very well constructed as described. However they have a "boxy feel" as they are not curved at all to the face. I find there are gaps on both sides.Still I wear them and love them. They are heavier than most glasses. I have dropped them on concrete several times and have no scratches or chips to speak of. Very well built.', 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'February 6, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Philip', 'userURI': 'AFWP6JJ7OLIUDB6CPNPM3DRS5NSA', 'reviewText': "I usually don't write a reveiw but, the company has reach out to me to make sure I was happy with the glasses. I work with customers and most people only write or complain it something is not working and never say anything good if its working. The glasses are perfect. They are very light weight and its nice to have something that I don't have to worry about dropping them on the ground and break. The bottle openers at the end is a nice plus too.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 5, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'cheyenne giles', 'userURI': 'AGZLQQDLMOJ7QMVK32TPAYYXAIJA', 'reviewText': "Honestly the best sunglasses I have ever owned. Perfect weighted balance you can wear them anywhere. I run trails, ride sea-doo's with mine on cause they don't slide down your nose. Perfect sunglasses for looking good and being active all at the same time! Honestly as long as Williams Painters are around I won't be needing any other pairs of sunglasses anytime soon.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 19, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Axel W.', 'userURI': 'AGPMX3D6J7FL2MRTWGTT2UQNMU3Q', 'reviewText': "These glasses are so cool! I wear them everyday, whether I'm driving or cycling, and have never had a problem! They're light and very attractive, yet subtle...The beer opener hooks actually have helped my friends and I in need of an opener! It's great!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 8, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Anthony Carnevale', 'userURI': 'AHBK3OZZFBPWHC3VSD2ERIMAYANQ', 'reviewText': "Fantastic pair of sunglasses. I have a pair of Maui Jim sunglasses I paid over $200 for that I've had for a year and although they've been pampered, they do have some small scratches on the lenses. These sunglasses feel better than the Maui Jim's on my face - the weight is perfect. The optical clarity is on par with the Jim's. Overall - great product.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 28, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Piedmont', 'userURI': 'AFDDEQZTQ74DSJH6TTNOEKDQJTKQ', 'reviewText': 'Really love these, solid awesome looking, perfect size and shape. (I got these to put my non-sunglasses prescription lenses in and they were really awesome, but ended up being too heavy for me to wear all day - definitely are better as sunglasses, for me at least.) I wore them occasionally, but one day about a year after getting them I was too rough opening them and snapped off an at the hinge. WP stuck to their amazing warranty and all I had to do was pay to send the broken pair back to them, and in two days my new glasses arrived. Really fantastic customer service throughout the whole process - will purchase from WP again.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 21, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Fernando', 'userURI': 'AFJOLQEPM32SK5TVNR2F7EOYXZYA', 'reviewText': 'By far the best pair of sunglasses I have ever owned. The titanium arms are nearly bulletproof and amazingly comfortable. I have dropped them, sat on them, stepped on them and they still look brand new. I will never be able to go back to a cheap flimsy pair of sunglasses again. And once my friends see that they open beers everybody wants to borrow them!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 20, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'kevin brown', 'userURI': 'AFED5PDKOYIJOY7TB6C4PKGKSRFQ', 'reviewText': "By far my favorite sunglasses...classic wayfarer style, polarized lenses and one of the best conversation starters ever.  I can't tell you how many times someone was looking around aimlessly for a bottle opener only for me to take off my glasses and do it for them.  MIND.  BLOWN.  I can't wait to see what these guys come out with next!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 8, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Nathaniel Purdy', 'userURI': 'AHQGDSABJU6UB7ENOTEZPOK2VAJA', 'reviewText': "These glasses have a very comfortable fit. I was initially nervous as to the positioning of the bottle openers, but they never make contact with your ears. They're extremely durable, I've dropped them on numerous occasions, and they have no scratches on either frame or lens. The manufacturer has sent me a few emails about the glasses, as well as a reminder of the awesome warranty they carry. Definitely recommend these shades.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 5, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Christopher N. Hazzard', 'userURI': 'AENXDTXF62CEDZPVQGLQ3DANTKZQ', 'reviewText': "I came across these sunglasses while looking for a gift for the groomsmen in my wedding. The bottle opener is awesome (and works great) but I wanted to make sure the quality of the sunglasses was really high as well, and these things are legit! I ordered 5 pairs (1 for me plus 4 groomsmen) and all my groomsmen love them. I even had prescription lenses put in the pair for my best man and it was easy for the eye doctor to do and they came out looking great. I've gotten loads of compliments on them - if you like the style of sunglasses you will NOT be disappointed with the quality. Another bonus is that since all the materials are so strong the glasses don't feel as delicate as the typical plastic pair.Aside from the glasses themselves, the customer service is incredible. I dealt with Matt who made everything easy and when their was a small issue with my order I let him know and had another pair in hand THE NEXT DAY! Top notch service and a top notch product, oh yeah and they open beer! What else do you need?", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'November 1, 2013', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Christopher Hilligoss', 'userURI': 'AFHAEV3IAT6NEHYLK24DWE5PFYWA', 'reviewText': "The best pair of glasses I have ever owned.  The company is legit and so far all the products are top notch with extensive thinking into every minute detail of what they are doing.Great balance, sturdy and actually do what they are supposed to do, PROTECT YOUR EYES FROM THE SUN!!Can't wait to buy another product from this company.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 13, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AF3TAWVSS6AKCFE35L5MUT3HYENA', 'reviewText': "As a fishing guide I need a pair of everyday sunglasses that are reliable and sturdy, and these deliver.  They feel strong in your hands and have great polarization which was a nice surprise.  Haven't cracked a beer with the hook yet but am excited to try!", 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'March 20, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Brandon Latham', 'userURI': 'AEQJE4RZQKTDYXRPB5XJJNZN4NOA', 'reviewText': 'Well made sunglasses that came in unscratched and unique by itself with the bottle opener on the frames', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'February 2, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AHAB7Z4ONVW6NRYBXJUWIBZL4O5Q', 'reviewText': 'Very cool sunglasses, and functional too!  A bit heavier than normal sunglasses, but that was to be expected... I mean how many sunglasses are made of titanium and can open bottle tops?  You can tell they are quality right on delivery as they come with a very nice case and sit nicely when wearing them.  Would recommend them to a friend for sure!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 22, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Eric Oberndorfer', 'userURI': 'AHMK34TCFAAPA5FZCIKK27QTYWLA', 'reviewText': "A friend has had these for some time and they have held up well so I ordered a pair. I'm extremely satisfied with the over all product. They are solid and work as advertised. The polarization isn't a crazy Maui Jim level, but that isn't why you buy these. The style, comfort, weight, quality, and overall product is solid. I've had them a short amount of time personally and they have already been an amazing conversation starter.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'November 20, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'david', 'userURI': 'AH7JMEWW63CEXODJDJRGNQ54ULAA', 'reviewText': 'Posted by David Marquez on 31st Jul 2014"Hey how about I open that beer for you and then when you\'re done you can open those legs for me. What do you say mamacita?"These Shades defiantly get you everything the people who made them say you would get. From Compliments to invincibility polarized titanium protection to opening bottles left and right. I opened about 140 to 160 beer bottles and they are still perfect.My cousins graduation party was on sunday and I stole the show from her opening the bottles and having the laughs. I had all the confidence hitting on her friends. great shadesI have ever owns. I gave my Ray Bans away to mother and father saying out with the old in with the new. FUTURE!Thanks guys', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 2, 2014', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Andrew Curry', 'userURI': 'AFNVCKO3QKHRHOU4TN4LDORSJD6Q', 'reviewText': "These are great sunglasses. The lenses are well-polarized and work very well in the sun. They are a little heavier than others of similar style because of the titanium, but they feel more secure when wearing and don't shift around much when moving around. The bottle openers on each frame is a nice touch and because they're made of titanium, they work very well.", 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'December 29, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Julianne Russell', 'userURI': 'AHBVHFOZIYA42CH3YC322HB6YMTQ', 'reviewText': "Best shades I've ever had. I break everything, and I've owned these bad boys for over 2 years, still in one piece without scratches. They look good on everyone that tries them (and everyone wants to try them because they're so cool), they actually open ever beer I've ever tried to open without bending, and they stay out on my head.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 15, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'corey p bailey', 'userURI': 'AHAYI6GF6WTIQU7EQ2QQRMBEU7AA', 'reviewText': "best damn sunglasses I ever bought. the weight on the sides with a nice hug keeps them on my face no matter what I'm doing. I always have trouble with Ray bans feeling crooked. these came out of the box (handsome case I might add) ready to go and a perfect fit.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 12, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Brenna Schmid', 'userURI': 'AEDLSTRNOEFQ62ULCCMMH5PJQ4GQ', 'reviewText': 'Bought these glasses because I figured they would last. Not only did they make it almost 3 years with constant use, but when I had an issue they sent me a new pair, no questions asked. HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT/COMPANY.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 3, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'dominic', 'userURI': 'AG73Z6ATNJ4J3VSGX7NOOP5TLBJA', 'reviewText': 'Love these glasses!  Picked them up at Single Fin Restaurant in San Diego.  Great quality and impossible for me to break.  I have trouble keeping glasses due to me stepping or sitting on them and these have lasted me over a year now.  Keep up the great quality and service and I will continue to be a customer.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 16, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jackson', 'userURI': 'AE6DPNT6IHOREI4KUKMSU4XI3EFQ', 'reviewText': "These glasses are my go to pair. They go with any outfit and have a timeless style and feel. The guys at William Painter nailed it with these ones. Oh and they open beers which has helped me tame a lot strange. Excited for the future glasses they will have, can't wait to get my next pair of William Painters!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 9, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Lola', 'userURI': 'AGRJFPGJV7VHXCPLZRL4O7D4IWIA', 'reviewText': 'Bought one of the first pairs of these 2 or 3 years ago and they are still in perfect shape even after dropping them plenty of times and opening numerous beers with them. They are extremely sturdy, good looking, and worth every penny. Once you get nice polarized lens like these you will never want to go back to cheap sunglasses. Whenever I open a beer with them at a party I have tons of people asking me about them and where to buy them.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 1, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Maria Baker', 'userURI': 'AG7ZLADEXHMRGYHCGCIKL2KO7VUA', 'reviewText': 'My husband loves the sunglasses! Lots of compliments... :)', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 6, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Chris', 'userURI': 'AFZMVLQTXHDNHH66HT5MBXXVTRDA', 'reviewText': 'I got these shades because I thought they were cool because  they could open bottles. I figured they would be my party shades on the weekends. Turns out I now wear them everyday. They are super sturdy and the lenses are great quality.  I might buy another pair just in case I lose them. They are awesome!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 23, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'JL', 'userURI': 'AG4RGX45ZTZWR56TASZHFYT6UGGQ', 'reviewText': "I LOVE these sunglasses. By far the best purchase I've made! I bought them because of the bottle opener but was so amazed at why good quality the lenses and sunglasses as a whole are. They feel better than my Ray Bans! They stay on my head. I'm always the hit of the party when I bust them out to open bottles!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 15, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Preston', 'userURI': 'AH4ZBPG3ZIMKYPUJTEPGFIL2HU3A', 'reviewText': "\xa0Polarized sunglasses are an absolute necessity for me. The lenses in these shades are amazing quality and make you feel like you are viewing the world in HD! I also highly appreciate the comfort of these sunglasses as I have found with my oddly shaped head that some sunglasses give me a headache. The weight distribution on the shades is something I have never experienced with another pair of sunglasses. One does not realize how much having a light lens and frame counter-balanced by a lightweight sturdy frame makes a difference- until you try these on! 100% support these shades and have purchase several pairs for friends and family members, including most recently my father who is having his prescription lenses put in because he is so pleased with the comfort and strength of the William Painter Titanium glasses as compared to the traditional wayfarer of years past.Comfortable, nearly indestructuble, high quality, polarized, stylish, oh, and they open beers? SOLD! If you like Wayfarer style shades, get your hands on some William Painters!side note: I have dropped mine on the street several times when getting out of the car and they have yet to scratch... good luck or scratch proof lenses? I'm actually not sure.... but either way, I'll take it!Also, I updated this review to include a photo of my sunglasses to show that they do not scratch or chip from opening beers.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 15, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'John Waterson', 'userURI': 'AHUQB24PPHYQKWALJXISVCHNJC4A', 'reviewText': "A real classic, and William Painter is a great company with their attention to customer service. The wayfarers made a great set of groom's men gifts for my wedding. They even took care of engraving for me", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 14, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AGN26IZ5S3LCLNMLBJH3KERD6LCA', 'reviewText': 'Great fit - great style - a little heavier than expected but will get use to feel as they are comfortable !', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 5, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Danielle', 'userURI': 'AEXVF432VYOJCIWXOSRET6DTVQXQ', 'reviewText': "Great pair of sunglasses and customer service was prompt and beyond helpful! I've never been much of a sunglasses wearer or a picky one - but these seem to look good on anyone!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 26, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AG2JJ6ZVHNKX76OCQSONOBGT5P6Q', 'reviewText': "Sunglasses are my thing.  I have many pairs, but I am always amazed at the cost vs. quality of construction equation.  William Painter's Wayfarer's have finally given me well constructed, durable sunglasses for a reasonable price.  Fairly indestructible, really only subject to loss or theft...as I have had many admiring compliments on the titanium, bottle-opening arms.  Very satisfied.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 19, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'zachary rupp smith', 'userURI': 'AGQM4JUQRCNFWSKNXO7Q75QKK2NQ', 'reviewText': 'I like these alot. I own about 10 nice pair of sunglasses. These are my fav. 2 thumbs up!!Lens is not scratch proof.. it can easily be scratched. The frame is where the quality is and the hinges.. opens beer bottles easily.', 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'March 7, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Andrew Rutebuka', 'userURI': 'AE7ZZCY2YZUOD6DW73MSTVNB6O2A', 'reviewText': "I have finally found a pair of glasses that fit me and my lifestyle.  They're fashionable and durable.  I'm always on the go and all other sunglasses I've owned would take a beating.  So far these have exceeded all my expectations! Definitely worth the investment!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 18, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Erik Gustafson', 'userURI': 'AEK3OYPRY2SE4MXNGVAO72JUJSOA', 'reviewText': 'Love these sunglasses, super durable - and I am rough on sunglasses.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 24, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'krace', 'userURI': 'AEDU3IEAIVEJ4KD36BYMSTFX65WA', 'reviewText': 'The sunglasses are more of a novelty going to use for a pair of sunglasses. I find that rather uncomfortable to wear.', 'stars': '3', 'postDate': 'May 13, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Nicole Hornyak', 'userURI': 'AG6U5JZEQIJ47YUFTSTFOAPNAHMQ', 'reviewText': 'Awesome glasses. If you can pick these up at a good price do it. They feel great on your face and fit well. I have an medium size head and they fit perfect so if you wear a large hat they might be tight. I am very impressed by the quality.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 5, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'MH', 'userURI': 'AGNVSOHK6772II2TRBKU6RC3JXIA', 'reviewText': 'I bought these for my son and he loves them', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 12, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Piera', 'userURI': 'AEMROK4PDXEOT4TQSVOFZNIOUTSA', 'reviewText': "These sunglasses always grab the attention of those around me for their good looks, but when people see the bottle opener, that they're polarized, and made of titanium they get even more excited. Highly recommend these both as a personal purchase and as an even cooler gift.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 9, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Luke', 'userURI': 'AFMM5J35FFCAB2NS25VAQJS7MBIA', 'reviewText': "These 'Hook' sunglasses are just as rad as they appear in the ads.  They are a little heavier than I imagined, but that really just makes them the same weight as most other glasses.  Super strong, the bottle opener works but it is not as easy to use as they make it seem, but still pretty doable after a couple times of practice.  Just need to open more bottles maybe!  The lenses are clear and they're a good snug fit, don't fall down your face and look good when you wear them.Bought some for my brother in law too for xmas", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 10, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Gina', 'userURI': 'AFHQGE6SKCBKCZPGUSMFGZLNCNKA', 'reviewText': 'I bought these sunglasses for my husband and he loves them! They fit him super well and he seems to use the bottle opener pretty often. Love the shape on his face, he looks real good wearing them.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'November 30, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'spruce', 'userURI': 'AGX5DWA4JSGS2M4BME62JVZIPS4Q', 'reviewText': "These sunglasses are great! Extremely durable and the look really good. Same look as Ray-Ban Wayfarers yet these are made of high grade titanium, have better lenses, and are made by an excellent California company who really stands behind their product. They have excellent customer service and the sunglasses come with a LIFETIME WARRANTY! They will even give you a discount if you lose the shades or they get stolen. That is pretty amazing to me as I've never heard of a company doing that. If you are considering these sunglasses, buy them! They are durable, stylish, and much better than any name brand look-alikes for less money! Plus they are some of the only sunglasses not made by LUXOTICA these days. Support local entrepreneurs!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 26, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Edi Hidayat', 'userURI': 'AHGL3STZLAPSJ6AI6FSQ4TWGWMVA', 'reviewText': 'I\'m Sunglasses Addict I got couple pair of oakley.von zipper. dragon. Smith. Rayban. This far one of my top 3 sunglasses that I\'m wearing! Very stylish and got a lot compliment... Also fyi great customer service. Thanks Matt for hook me up with The"HOOK" on Kickstarter :) @Gabe', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'February 7, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Soto12', 'userURI': 'AEN6YQZN62555J3HLK23WGKF7CBA', 'reviewText': "For the past two years I've been wearing Ray Bans and have enjoyed the look, but always felt they were a little flimsy. The main thing that attracted me to the product was the bottle opener feature (which works fantastic by the way) but there is so much more that I love about these sunglasses.FIrst of all, customer service is fantastic. It does take a while to ship, and when I was concerned and sent an e-mail I promptly received a message telling me my glasses were on the way, and just in case there were any problems the employee put his PERSONAL CELL NUMBER. I couldn't believe it.Furthermore, putting these things on I immediately could tell it was not plastic. They are incredibly comfortable, and though I was wary about getting cut by the bottle opener part of the glasses, trust me you have nothing to worry about.All in all, I know these sunglasses are going to last a very long time and I am so happy with my decision. I recommend these to anyone, even people who think they won't get the most out of the bottle opener feature. And for those who know they will, it's just the icing on the cake.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 29, 2013', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'leighsy10021', 'userURI': 'AFKKCVOS3SVRTSXPTJ4DPUVIMOPA', 'reviewText': "Quality and eye protection on a sexy frame...only thing I don't like", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'November 19, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'J. Wilson', 'userURI': 'AFU7Y577P6SWKQLQVNQMV6QC5KHQ', 'reviewText': "Yeah, these are incredible. Every review I read was accurate on these things. The only piece of feedback that I have is that they lock our at 90*, so putting them on is a bit uncomfortable if you one-hand it. A way to improve this would be to give them the capability to flex out an additional 5* or so, to make putting them on slightly more comfortable. other than that, these are the new standard by which I will be comparing sunglasses. And since I don't expect anyone else to be able to compete with them (in quality or warranty), I expect to be a William Painter customer for life.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 9, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AFBRSKKJO3ACSV322GDIPQFUHY7Q', 'reviewText': "I am about as picky as a dude can be on my sunglasses and William Painter Hook's met or exceeded every standard I have set. The quality is superb and beats every brand that used to be American. The weight is perfect, the tinting is just right, and polarized are a must. Thanks for making quality sunglasses that I will attenpt to get everyone I know to buy", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 1, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'ed s', 'userURI': 'AECM2VLOW2QQJFKCEDVTQ64E7KBA', 'reviewText': 'Bought them on. A deal and was pleasantly surprised of the quality and comfort of these glasses..Wore them on a trip to Aruba and protected the eyes from strong sun. Will definitely recommend!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'February 13, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'dalton vanderbyl', 'userURI': 'AE75JUJXE7Z6QUP5XXPERERC7Q3A', 'reviewText': "I love the titanium style sunglasses I will never go back to the cheap plastic type! The nice case it comes with helps keep the glasses safe and it com in handy when you're the guy that always seems to miss place your glasses! I'm not a big beer drinker but it always comes in handy to have a bottle opener no matter where you're! William painters for life!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 5, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Brenna D.', 'userURI': 'AFKCQ3E724OFTIUIYQF46O5Z6ULA', 'reviewText': "These sunglasses are the best! They look good on everyone and make the perfect gift! And they can open beers when you're in a bind! Basically the most perfect pair of glasses that were ever created in the history of the world!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 20, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Frank Luetz', 'userURI': 'AGFZAAJAKEKX3E2OA5YOJAN6BIFA', 'reviewText': "I'm out in the sun of Central California the entire day (working horses). Got these glasses and was impressed with the quality and the sturdiness. I love them. They seem undestroyable, no scratches at all in half a year of extensive use. The right sun protection for me. No complaints, great glasses! And being able to open my daily bottle of beer after being done with work is a great feature!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 2, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Mississippi', 'userURI': 'AFGIZFVMH33CPQ6JPJ46MY3DVCSQ', 'reviewText': 'We purchased these sunglasses for our son as part of his Christmas.  He thought there were no other glasses better than his "Ray Ban" Wayfarer glasses.  His mind has totally changed.  These glasses are amazing, good-looking and clearer than his polarized Ray Bans.  He loves them.  Would highly recommend to anyone.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 7, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Whitney', 'userURI': 'AGEZDGBX3XPQYZOFL4SGJSCMMLFQ', 'reviewText': "I saw these with friends at a tequila festival & initially wanted them for myself - classic ray-ban style + so much more. Decided they'd make the perfect gift for my boyfriend, who is the hardest to shop for. It was so hard to hold onto them until his birthday! He was so surprised & loved them!Great customer service! Would recommend co & product in a heartbeat!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 1, 2013', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'JY', 'userURI': 'AE2CUUZETTYCCUOR6I732OU7SPGQ', 'reviewText': 'Bought this as a gift a month ago.  The receiver wears it everyday and likes it as it fits snugly and comfortably. It does weigh heavier than average, but not by much.(by the way, why did the question "How did the width of these shoes fit?" appear for this sunglasses?)', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 7, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'H. P. Martinez', 'userURI': 'AEA47ZK3A3WJIAZUUB5V4IL3B7VA', 'reviewText': 'Great sunglasses, a hit snug at first, but followed the suggestions on how to gently widen them', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 19, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Russell F Byars', 'userURI': 'AEZY4VBG263BPHRDWNVQV5KL6PJQ', 'reviewText': 'Great deal for the price', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 21, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Eric Puleio', 'userURI': 'AF2TJ52KJLCYSVELJF3PFWKF25OA', 'reviewText': "As a sailboat captain on NY Harbor, the perfect pair of sunglasses matter.  Before buying these, I would go through a pair of sunglasses per month.  The salt water and my customers would destroy any pair I had.  Enter William Painter sunglasses, which are indestructible  Now, instead of spending $50 a month on sunglasses that wouldn't last, I bought these and have been using them for 1.5 years.  My customers always get a kick out of when I open their beers with the frame of these glasses too.  I, on the other hand, always get a kick out of them when someone accidentally sits on them and they still remain perfectly intact.  One of my best business investments yet!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 14, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AFBBB2YF63MYINUXMDOM3RPDR5DQ', 'reviewText': "Best pair of unisex glasses I've ever purchased! I got these pair of sun glasses as a gift for my boyfriend. He loved them!!!! They are high quality and resistant! I ended up borrowing them because they looked good on me too! (Although I hav a smaller face). I recommend them!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'February 22, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Bryan', 'userURI': 'AEWGVOQM3Q6IUBUS37CYLMNCUEHA', 'reviewText': 'Thea are absolutely awesome, perfect example of form and function. I was surprised at how comfortable they were on my face, and also at how easily they open bottles. And never have I worried about breaking them in the process, these things are sturdy. Overall this is a great pair of sunglasses that will last a very long time.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 4, 2014', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Rachel Nettles Rhoads', 'userURI': 'AECENWQUUK3PRQP7ZWSPMAMBGVKQ', 'reviewText': "I LOVE them! The price was awesome and the product is far better than I expected. I've spent way too much money on sunglasses in the past. Never again! Thank you!!!!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 10, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AGK4F6Q2SKJ65HT72GQQNRJZYUAQ', 'reviewText': "I love these sunglasses! It's so much fun to show up to a friends house and someone asks for a bottle opener and I pull off my glasses and open it for them. They also fit great and look amazing as well. 10/10 would recommend!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 23, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Matthew K.', 'userURI': 'AEMKQOLSP5DVV4KDFWJCXFXTT4AA', 'reviewText': "Sunglasses look great and feel great. There's a nice weight to them that makes me think they'll last a long time. The bottle openers are perfect, just hope I don't get too wrecked and lose them somewhere. The box and case are sleek and it comes with the microfiber cloth to clean them as well.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 5, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AG5Q5UY25D6TOXSQGPCIUFXQ4THQ', 'reviewText': "I love my hook sunglasses. They feel sturdy, reliable, and look amazing! I've taken them where ever I travel, a must in my suitcase. From playing a show on stage, to relaxing by the beach, these glasses are always ready for when I need them!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 10, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Joseph', 'userURI': 'AEZARYB6OQ6A7QAYC5KIPIQC42UA', 'reviewText': 'Glasses are very sturdy and comfortable and stylish. Happy with them.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 28, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'sam sierra', 'userURI': 'AEZTN4W7C4BMREFNWWSFLXC72GGQ', 'reviewText': 'Amazing sunglasses', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 23, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Clark Currier', 'userURI': 'AHG6DEVI3OJC6QCQMNEIKFB4OBBA', 'reviewText': "Great sunglasses. Very well made. Considering the quality, they're well worth the price. I've already had several compliments. Definitely recommend these shades!!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 19, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'B Franc', 'userURI': 'AEGOYFUM6ELX7FOEQGEOL6HEACGA', 'reviewText': 'I have never owned a better pair of glasses. They\'re super durable, and really do come in handy. I\'ve been a lifesaver at many random moments with the opener, epic "cool" factor. Ultimately I love the way look and feel, and have given them as gifts numerous times. They also have great customer service. Super responsive and guarantee is totally credible. I would for sure by them again and I highly recommend them!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 13, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Xiaoshu Liu', 'userURI': 'AHT7ZCIOE4TRBYAYMDVW5NMB3GFQ', 'reviewText': 'nice!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 3, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AF25N7GLN5FPPTJTP7KP5BNRV25Q', 'reviewText': 'Great glasses, thanks.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 15, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Nrow', 'userURI': 'AFIBHD45P6GMLVNXSRFDFQHPQISQ', 'reviewText': "Honestly one fondue best sunnies I have owned. Cause of their perfect weighted balance you wear them anywhere. I run trails with mine on cause they don't slide down your nose. Did you know they open beer bottles?? Yeah, enough said!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 7, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Robert', 'userURI': 'AEXGOR6EBN6OOCZB5GLIKV66SRJQ', 'reviewText': "These things are machines made by magic elf's! Super duper durable, precise and still practical! All have polarized lenses. Love that! I feel like Richard Gear meets Mad Max. Posh meets permanent. And so Willie Painter for President! Bravo. -Rob", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 22, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Troy Lindwall', 'userURI': 'AEOOMMCEVB6JOCEMKJRZAR2I6ZDA', 'reviewText': 'Amazing product and an amazing company to deal with. Great sunglasses! Not to mention when I scratched my lenses lifetime warranty had new glasses in 3 days! I will never own another par of glasses other than William Painter!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 30, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'ryan buchardt', 'userURI': 'AHY2Y4RVBUZ56JCWD2Q2QFGDUD2Q', 'reviewText': 'Ive always owned nice sunglasses like gucci or versace etc... but after getting a pair of william painters nothing else can compare and i will never go back!! They are comfortable, durable, look sharp, and i can crack open a cold one with them too!!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 11, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Karine', 'userURI': 'AFRII7LHZ2QBV3OOS5MLSWKWM7LA', 'reviewText': 'Great glasses and my wife said I look great in them.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 28, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'jockamo', 'userURI': 'AEPIUDZMHZLKJCMVIPCYYDQ3BLLQ', 'reviewText': 'BEST SUNGLASSES YOU WILL EVER BUY OR OWN! SCRATCH RESISTANT, SUPER STRONG, LOOK AND FEEL AWESOME!IF YOU HAVE ANY ISSUES JEFF WILL TAKE CARE OF YOU!!  WEARING THESE GLASSES TO SLEEP TONIGHT!!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 29, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Chris D', 'userURI': 'AGNUICQA3IPZAEO3YAJ37XDMT4WQ', 'reviewText': 'good quality, nice glasses, classic style', 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'January 15, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AGR25GJEFYGRSBO7ZSHD5EM6FYJA', 'reviewText': 'Great quality, however, if you have a larger/very round head these will be a tight fit.  Great customer service!', 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'July 28, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'GI Joe', 'userURI': 'AHORM7SONTBCPTT3NFU7C2NK2CBA', 'reviewText': "Got these as a Christmas gift and my sister loves them! I think I'll be getting a pair myself!Unrelated to the product, but the review buttons seem to be for shoes, and not necessarily sunglasses. Just FYI.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 28, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'karl Patrick Falgui', 'userURI': 'AHBAALUVHYHLX2SNHLAIAUJ7RTKA', 'reviewText': "Love it! Especially the packaging. Very sturdy, dependable (if you use the bottle opener), and stylish. It doesn't slide down my face like most sunglasses that I've own. Major plus is the warrantee", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 17, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Lauren', 'userURI': 'AFRFHLZHWKCYFPH4I2JXJI7TKAGQ', 'reviewText': 'These sunglasses are perfect. Heavy duty, great lenses, pop bottles... Enough said.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 27, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'MARCUS ROGERSON', 'userURI': 'AHK64ISNW54OED6PZEF2L43MDX7Q', 'reviewText': 'These shades rock! I met my bride wearing these babies. She saw me on the beach teaching my friend Pat how to surf, and said she liked my shades. I then opened her beer, the rest is history.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 24, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Swiderak', 'userURI': 'AGIE6KI6EOAXZ65JA4NVBX4WQFAA', 'reviewText': 'I don\'t like these because the arms hurt my head. There are no spring-hinges to alleviate the pressure on your temples. I contacted the company, and the guy told me "they will stretch to fit your head after wearing them for a while". Well, a year later, and they still hurt my head. The quality of these is fantastic...I really wanted to like them. Only buy these if you have a small head. If they come out with a version that is either wider to fit my head better, or if they start making these with spring hinges that let the arms open up past 90 degrees to take some of the pressure off of them, I would buy another pair, but for now, they just sit in my glove compartment in case my passengers need an emergency set.', 'stars': '2', 'postDate': 'February 14, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Edgar M.', 'userURI': 'AGHB2ZGJ66ZWP5VZ3G5DVK5K225A', 'reviewText': 'I like the glass a little heavy on the nose because of the metal other than that I would get another set', 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'January 1, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Zee', 'userURI': 'AHFNACZPHLS7DN6NLHYOIP5AWIIQ', 'reviewText': "Want to love them because they look and feel great however, sort of dissapointed that when I wear them I'm always afraid to look down because they kinda slide off. Took them on a cruise and had to constantly take them off to look at the ocean and whales swimming by below in case they fell off.", 'stars': '3', 'postDate': 'September 8, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Sindre Brueland', 'userURI': 'AEPOPTUMHDPL3YR4MVNY3JRX4JXQ', 'reviewText': "Got these from the Kickstarter campaign for The Lume. These has to be the greatest glasses I've ever owned. I can open with them too! They're made from materials which I've never seen in shades at this price point.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 15, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'vicky0021', 'userURI': 'AH3MU6VH3K7DPBWFXIAZDHFJCAOA', 'reviewText': 'Great pair', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 22, 2018', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Kristen Hollingsworth', 'userURI': 'AELDEWYRYDYC3UJZ6BQEHJXGZZIA', 'reviewText': "Very happy with these glasses. These are by far the best glasses I've ever owned. Customer service is out of this world. Great design and amazing quality. Customer for life!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 25, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Karston Mitchell', 'userURI': 'AG35BCD6CKEN422MCUUCUPTKKPYA', 'reviewText': 'Sweet glasses. Heavier than I expected but still very cool. Very sturdy.  I usually like to try glasses on before purchasing but these fit and look great as soon as I threw them on.  I wish they were made in the US though.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 22, 2013', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AEPYN47SA3VAQUM3LA2DLAUPC5LQ', 'reviewText': 'From someone who tends to break all their sunglasses these have to be the best sunglasses on the market', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 10, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Top', 'userURI': 'AED25R5PLZEY6ZZ4CKYGMZ4MLF4A', 'reviewText': 'Glasses themselves are great. Heavy, sturdy, and feel like a metal iPhone in your hand.2 stars because of customer service. Took about a month and a half to do a return with them.. Had to dispute via PayPal to get my money back while they held the glasses for over 2 weeks. No reimbursement for return shipping as they claim.', 'stars': '2', 'postDate': 'January 17, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AHRCTMVRKCUMDNOJ3YDUOLNKZG3Q', 'reviewText': "Amazing sunglasses! Fees study and strong but are not heavy on my face. This is my first pair with this brand and I absolutely love them!! More so than my Ray bands! They fit perfectly and don't slide down my nose.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 12, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Blue eyed mommy', 'userURI': 'AFFL2XU3DHLXKQTO4IKZFPFNM73A', 'reviewText': "These glasses are made really well. They fit as expected and are very stylish. They are a bit heavier than my normal ray ban wayfarers, but it's worth it for scratch resistant, titanium glassss at a great price! Love them!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 7, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jeremy Williams', 'userURI': 'AHHSFSYZH7NU3V474TBXQZJAPMYA', 'reviewText': "My William Painter sunglasses have been treated pretty roughly during the 6 months I have owned them. A couple of days ago we took my friends new GTI hatchback out and put it to the test. We were speeding through the mountains and really pushing the car to the limits. As the sun went down, I put my sunglasses on the dash. Literally seconds later, we took a turn at nearly 60 mph and my  WP's flew out the window!!! I frantically stopped the car and ran to their rescue only to find there was not a single scratch or defect on them!WILLIAM PAINTER'S ARE HARDCORE GANGSTA STRONG!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 4, 2014', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Mason S.', 'userURI': 'AGX52NW5HR5UG4QWL324IUSASXUA', 'reviewText': 'Look pretty good, sadly they broke within 5 days from the hinge just breaking right off. Im not a reckless person and have owned a pair of raybans for 2 years without breaking them. No full refund or replacement was offered. Only a 40% discount to buy another.These are not as strong as they advertise which is a bummer due to the fact that they cost so much.', 'stars': '1', 'postDate': 'December 31, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Ryan Creamer', 'userURI': 'AHMIFB5OHMW4JXO3T6ZVI64KZ3YA', 'reviewText': "Well... They open beer bottles. Make you look as cool as Steve McQueen. You probably won't be able to break them, and if you do they'll replace them. What more do you need to know?", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 23, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AE7B7TVZM6EAKJQRMISMT6WMBHNA', 'reviewText': "Awesome shades and an awesome company!  Easily the best looking and best fitting pair of sunglasses I've owned.  If you don't have a pair, you need to get one!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 21, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Joe', 'userURI': 'AERFZUW6WUIR7PWHLQGRNLYY2H5Q', 'reviewText': 'These have to be the best pair of sunglass I own. Aside from the built-in bottle openers they are the best fitting glasses! They sit perfectly on my face.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 15, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Faraz', 'userURI': 'AGWVKSNVDQTLELVLBQ7O46QLK2JQ', 'reviewText': 'Lens is polarized and clear, the shades are super rugged, the bottle opener works great, and they look great on me! Bought one for my dad and sister cause they liked mine so much.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 17, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jen', 'userURI': 'AH3QCVAKXOZXNC4GBF3YCGOSEL5Q', 'reviewText': 'I absolutely love these glasses. I always get asked about them. I have had them for years and they still look amazing. Wear these glasses almost everyday.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 3, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AGLOPNFAXPVC4RCA5TZ4FOLLCX2A', 'reviewText': 'Great pair of shades.  Fit nice, look great on the face and I appreciate the double bottle opener on the arms since i prefer to drink two beers at a time and have the irish handcuffs.  Thanks guys!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 17, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Bryan Z.', 'userURI': 'AEYGJWWKEFXTZZXPJOI6XYS6XP7A', 'reviewText': 'Amazing.  The lenses are some of the best I have had, but the weight of them is what really makes these perfect glasses.  Do yourself a favor and get a pair.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 28, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Michelle Scott', 'userURI': 'AHPTUJXMIRJHAMNQVGZN6KNS5CVQ', 'reviewText': 'We love these glasses!  Bought them for my husband and they are the only glasses he will wear!  Great style, comfortable and an awesome conversation starter!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 11, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Kristina Gerke', 'userURI': 'AHI5KSTJ2WW2NZTCLWXHKOHHD26Q', 'reviewText': 'Amazing sunglasses super sturdy and great customer service', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 29, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Samantha Colwell', 'userURI': 'AGWELPOZE2AXC6C5NBPH3FRRW6BA', 'reviewText': 'Great bottle openers.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 12, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Travis', 'userURI': 'AF2IPGUX23HEDTUDTSCO6GKYCRRQ', 'reviewText': "Hands down the most comfortable pair of sunglasses I have put on my face.It's impossible to find a more stylish, comfortable, and polarized pair of shades under $200.Oh yeah...they also open up beers!!!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 1, 2014', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'graham', 'userURI': 'AHL6TOYMTECWJN4LXDY6QU7NKOSQ', 'reviewText': 'Great product meant to last and look great. Been wearing these for almost 2 years and still no scratches or damage to hinges. Ready to buy new aviator model!!!!!!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 20, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jodi Fliss', 'userURI': 'AEHWRDJAH76QWR7F7SH5WJE2DUHA', 'reviewText': "These sunglasses are awesome!  Absolutely built to last!!  I can't wait to get my Hughes Aviators!!!  Such an amazing company!!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 8, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AEVLFRTWQCJBFHKNVIEHOBKICTQQ', 'reviewText': "Great glasses! My brother Troy had a pair and I had to get my self one. Won't be buying another brand for a long time. Light, fit great!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 6, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Ty', 'userURI': 'AEH6DWLNRFKVCG6X3HI2WOJLM4MQ', 'reviewText': 'Great sunglasses and very underpriced. Highly recommended.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 24, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Michael Johnson', 'userURI': 'AGAOFPRIYPKJVWN7MEJNURWE5OVA', 'reviewText': 'Purchased over a year ago and they held up great.  I dropped them and they slid down a concrete walkway, thought for sure they would be damaged.  Not a single scratch on them.  I did end up bending the arms, not sure how it happened.  I contacted William Painter and as soon as I shipped the damaged pair back to them, I had a brand new pair on the way. Best pair of glasses ever, and with a lifetime warranty.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 6, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Nathan Farley', 'userURI': 'AFEIEWDYWVBGAOWDTOSWEP2DN42Q', 'reviewText': "So nice to have tough quality and not be wearing the same damn pair of shades everyone else has!!  I'm really hard on my glasses and not a scratch or bend!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 21, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Tbmo', 'userURI': 'AHZZH7EMJU5TTZAQXFM56YEABPIA', 'reviewText': 'They seem really well made.  A bit heavy,  but solid.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'February 8, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Brad', 'userURI': 'AGQY45CLHX3V3R3M6SNDNUJ73WIQ', 'reviewText': "The best sunglasses I have ever owned. I have never owned sunglasses that fit as comfortably on my face as Painters. They don't slide down my nose!!!!!!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 15, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amos', 'userURI': 'AENI3Y44TZA7333Q7XWEOSB5LW7A', 'reviewText': "I love these sunglasses -- they are more durable than any other brand and look great!  My GF got me a pair for my birthday and i haven't worn another pair since. The customer service people are excellent as well. Hugely recommend to all!", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'February 6, 2014', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'bill bochinski', 'userURI': 'AGJ7YH6WZBEP4RC2LOZGJO4WGEXQ', 'reviewText': 'My wife just got these for me and I am very pleased with them. Comfortable to wear and the lenses are very clear. Would definitely recommend them. Bill from NH', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 22, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'frank', 'userURI': 'AE7OMCYB5L2TFXQQZY3U4N75GIRQ', 'reviewText': 'A bit over priced but they cool', 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'January 15, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AEMWS44UEJHMPMQD3V5BCQKSGPZQ', 'reviewText': 'Best sunglasses I have ever purchased. They are very comfortable and the quality is outstanding. These will definitely be underneath the tree for a couple family members.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 6, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'B', 'userURI': 'AGYUDVT5OUBTBG2E6MXLLVOGJVSQ', 'reviewText': 'Done me damn good for many years. Amazing company that continues to develop great designs', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 16, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'James Martin', 'userURI': 'AEEXWX6HQOFHEGOHCH2DFA5ZTOGA', 'reviewText': "I am really enjoying the Wayfarer sunglasses. They look great and don't fog up on me like other pairs.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 19, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AE4GVGWWR2SBFEBW65EPASHV5U6A', 'reviewText': 'Best purchase. I bought this for my boyfriend for his birthday and they are so sturdy and fit perfectly on both him and I. I almost kept them for myself!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'February 10, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Alex Rodriguez', 'userURI': 'AFWJFQB2ETET5BXBB3JMJGTMUZOQ', 'reviewText': 'Been using these for the past few months and I absolutely love them! Very durable and extremely comfortable. Perfect for everyday use, traveling or rugged activities!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 28, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Court', 'userURI': 'AHXRR4PUU3EOISM3IDYQSQRKWIPQ', 'reviewText': 'Fit perfectly on my face (even though I have a small head :) ) Super comfortable. Worth the price!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 29, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Brandon Thomason', 'userURI': 'AGC4ZGJAKYSNRKINJDGKG5V2QRWA', 'reviewText': 'I highly recommend these sunglasses to anyone and everyone. They are stylish, durable and super comfortable. Get a pair and enjoy!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 8, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Rohit', 'userURI': 'AGTA24N6DW343NYOSREAOZWADC2Q', 'reviewText': "The product matches the seller's description. I've used it for a couple of weeks and I'm pretty happy with it.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 6, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'richard frazier miller', 'userURI': 'AFXBSTACI2OGKPEZJ6QACVVNIX6A', 'reviewText': 'cool glasses great bottle opener', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'February 1, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AGAGMCFTEP6TIOHBS2OW3FS7OSQA', 'reviewText': 'Love these glasses! Super sturdy, can open bottles with ease! People comment on them wherever I go!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 13, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AGG77K2KGDBFGLDEEOORXUQTUH4A', 'reviewText': 'Glasses are great. A little heavy when you do long trips but the frames can be adjusted, so any minor strain can be relieved.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 11, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Steve', 'userURI': 'AEK6D5FL7YYBHARTI2B5UGOCJZGA', 'reviewText': 'Perfect fit, bottle opener works well.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 6, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Roland', 'userURI': 'AEFUE2P6TIVSHG2427TNJB7SQN5A', 'reviewText': 'Amazing Sunglasses for the prize, quality is top notch.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 23, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'momtothree', 'userURI': 'AFOZC4COPIUHAFTSSIIAH5ENJNXA', 'reviewText': 'I bought these for my 21 year old nephew for Christmas.  He loves them!!  He said 5 stars all the way!!!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'March 6, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AEEVBN6YPSJWBA3ZHK4N3R7JSXRQ', 'reviewText': 'These are some of the best I have ever had and I have had a lot.  Also people are always in awe when you use them as a bottle opener.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 17, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Al', 'userURI': 'AGPQN47XJD7AGTBE2LM6RKXNOZJQ', 'reviewText': 'Very sturdy glasses that fit well. Not overly dark polarized lenses. Really excellent retro design!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 29, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Patrick McGee', 'userURI': 'AEOEOV5GFIJAV74NCAACSE7MXKUA', 'reviewText': "These are the best sunglasses on the market right now. Great style, quality frame, great polarized lenses. And they open beer bottles. Love 'em.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 2, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AHK6DL5JMT5ZYMPZ4STUFOIAPIQA', 'reviewText': 'My favorite new sunnies!!! My favorite ever! They look good with everything!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'May 13, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Mark Haefner', 'userURI': 'AFZWZKXI23EJUL5GTUQQTSGCUOAQ', 'reviewText': 'Good quality, great customer service.  The glasses are solid.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 15, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'KATHLEEN BRYAN', 'userURI': 'AF43ZWLYWFVQ5EINW7PPMBNCYY5A', 'reviewText': 'Better than expected !', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 26, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Rohini Kumari', 'userURI': 'AFJ5GXXDPB6AJTGOCNHN4OAHCXUQ', 'reviewText': 'i like it', 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'February 21, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Matthew Olde', 'userURI': 'AHDT2237JHALY5CV45EJXAB5S5XA', 'reviewText': 'I love these sunglasses. Great quality and value for money. Not to mention they look good as well. The case the come with is also good quality.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 5, 2014', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'jpastora', 'userURI': 'AHGDKACIEDCXFDKC2XIIY3DLDQ6A', 'reviewText': 'Simply amazing glasses, comfortable, excellent quality to the touch. 100% satisfied', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 18, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'meshadowfax', 'userURI': 'AEDYMCL2VS6ULLQFDAKUHN7A7GDA', 'reviewText': 'Comfortable and feel. Durable.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 23, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'William P. Komar', 'userURI': 'AFFPLOL3NE7H22OGE37RVDHS3TLQ', 'reviewText': 'Well made! Cool looking! Great price! What else is there to say?', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'February 15, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Beth M. Carlsen', 'userURI': 'AHWJC6J6GXIJEX5XIKY4FZHOJTZA', 'reviewText': 'I bought The Hook sunglasses for my son.  This is his second pair.  He bought the first pair several years ago.  They fit him well and lasted through skiing, boating and driving.  The only reason he needed a new pair was because he lost the first pair while backpacking.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 20, 2017', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Daniel Selvagn', 'userURI': 'AEYDU5OVLJFM7OENOCIN4N2FG7NA', 'reviewText': "Glasses were too heavy and dug into my ears. Also I didn't receive 110% of my money after returning them. I'd also like to say the bottle opener is a somewhat ridiculous touch and is only appealing to a frat boy, other than that I think it only detracts from the look of these glasses.", 'stars': '3', 'postDate': 'December 30, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Ben Lillie', 'userURI': 'AFGWURG6ZS6ABMGY2QNGIIA7SMSA', 'reviewText': 'Excellent glasses and superior service and follow up.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 25, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Manders', 'userURI': 'AEZVJUH6ORFYQB3ICMJPKD7MMH3Q', 'reviewText': 'Have a nice feel and fit to them. I really like the titanium', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 19, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Heather Mulcahy', 'userURI': 'AGKLDBQVYOZVSPZGT7BLE5EVHRPQ', 'reviewText': 'The shape is similar to Raybans, but that is where the similarities end. They are made from quality materials and are very sturdy as well as stylish.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'September 26, 2013', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Jay', 'userURI': 'AF66CIHVDWXFOSDVFBRE3UPEOOXA', 'reviewText': "They are VERY tight on the sides, I feel like i'm getting a headache wearing these. In addition, the hook is RIGHT by my ears, so it looks like i have a circle or something - it's just awkward looking from the side, and very very tight. Wish the hook wasn't so far back by the ears.", 'stars': '2', 'postDate': 'May 19, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Pen Name', 'userURI': 'AFEIQJUBPD7TYNU4NC73HHKT2CTA', 'reviewText': 'There pretty awesome. No complaints. Costomer service is great, They truly care.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 18, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amazon Customer', 'userURI': 'AG2CKQY3JI4ZQKQMWGLD6VY7WL2Q', 'reviewText': 'Great glasses - super fit!!  Great buy & excellent service!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'December 26, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'G', 'userURI': 'AGQGWN2XZYHLEXV7B646BQBN2F3A', 'reviewText': '', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 23, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Nabil Akhtar', 'userURI': 'AELMRK5TFUDI5U4RSZ6E2WSQKL2A', 'reviewText': 'My new favorite pair of shades!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 13, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Ziheng C.', 'userURI': 'AEOS3PPDWIQRB4PXFTTTAR6REZ2A', 'reviewText': 'Great glasses, fit pretty well.', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'November 26, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Eddie Jurado', 'userURI': 'AFTAGJZSRUR7AWFTA7HMGVONAPRA', 'reviewText': 'Best glasses ever as I always get compliments on them when I rock em!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 17, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Harrison Rhine', 'userURI': 'AG2GDMRI24VLHU2PDXSYHXTHAQJA', 'reviewText': 'Love the glasses!!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'January 5, 2016', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'ThisDude55', 'userURI': 'AHXOYAFR6NAM4UO6BX7STHEBOFLA', 'reviewText': "These are absolutely amazing! They are very sturdy, feel great, and haven't scratched once despite the many bottles they have opened. The matte black finish is incredible as well as the lenses. By far the best sunglasses I have ever purchased.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'July 22, 2014', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Amanda Little', 'userURI': 'AGCIM2LHOXYEJRW4WXMXRHIMGQWA', 'reviewText': 'Loved my pair of William Painter sunglasses! These will come in super handy this summer for all of the backyard BBQs because of the bottle opener function! I would suggest these to all of my friends and family!', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'April 18, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Richard Leggio II', 'userURI': 'AHXPEEGDTEJD3ZMLXO36QRZDCNQQ', 'reviewText': "Best pair of sunglasses ever. Different then your typical boring RayBans. Matte black finish and thick sides make these standout, oh and by the way.... they're also a bottle opener, which works extremely well.", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'August 7, 2014', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Ian Galna', 'userURI': 'AEPXKRLCL4Q65XCWJJUKG7AE3JFQ', 'reviewText': "Ordered these on a total impulse and I'm stoked. Fit really nice, very solidly built, and look sweet.Customer service is hilarious and great too", 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'June 26, 2014', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'D. Bloese', 'userURI': 'AFZTGB56E6MH2D2Y252FBVGGTIMQ', 'reviewText': 'These are the best sunglasses I\'ve ever owned!  Everywhere I go people ask "Is that a bottle opener?"', 'stars': '5', 'postDate': 'October 15, 2014', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Hana', 'userURI': 'AGAXSOWO763S4HDUHI6QI4555JAA', 'reviewText': 'Amazing, love how they for your face and what a party pleaser they are, definitely recommend them. Plus, the matte finish looks sick.', 'stars': '4', 'postDate': 'September 27, 2013', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'cookiemonster', 'userURI': 'AHM3ZHTGR6LBM7URGK3QQOZWV7BA', 'reviewText': 'Cheaply built nasty $10 sunglasses being sold at a premium. Save another $40 and but a real rayban. Wish Amazon did not offer such nasty products. Should maintain standards so that buyers know that when they order from Amazon they are getting quality. Shame on you Amazon.', 'stars': '1', 'postDate': 'November 15, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}, {'user': 'Alden Procop', 'userURI': 'AEG4AVYS2KYJE67LBDFLSH5KHE4A', 'reviewText': 'Not worth the hype and $', 'stars': '2', 'postDate': 'June 13, 2015', 'productText': 'William Painter - The Hook Titanium Polarized Wayfarer Sunglasses'}]